I miss the market . A time aog, it was everything to met in praccally every way. and with the removal of Kayla;s assets from my playbook by intergral choice, I am deeply isolated with only the minumum of minimal long-term lumen holdeings left in the soroban domains.

even now

uh

---

we went to chicago, which was really fun. kayla went to another concerttsss. lol she had so muc fnun and idd an maaoznin gjo b planning htings out

i thought a lot about insull when she asked about living there, along hte lines nd traction. i sorta like the vertical house thing with all the stairs, and i think itd; be really cool to have four floors with a bedroom seeing the stars an an office just under for staying the world.

I FEEL LIKE i h AVE A MILLION THINGS TO SAY TO THE WORLD, AND EVERY SINGLE ONE REQUIRES VAST AMOUNTS OF CAPITAL. CAPITAL I WANT TO DELOY IN A VEYR UNIQUE WAY I;VE SNEVER SEEN DONE BFORE. AND I YEARN TO FULLLILL MY LIVELHOOOD IWTH THAT STIMULATION

I'VE COME OT RECOGNIZE THAT I THRIVE IN THE GROWTH PHASE WHEN THINGS ARE REALLY BECMING A NEW PARADIME. I DO NOT WAN TTO OCNITNUE INVESTING IN THE LATE-STAGES OF EFFORTS. IT;S FINAE TO TLET POSITIONS RIDE, BUT I AM REALL Y INTERESTED IN CATCHING THE EARLIER FLIERS, EVEN IF IT MEANS MISSING OUT ON THE LONG-TERM COMPOUNDING

(ALTHOUGH THAT ONLY HAPPENS IF YOU SELL, WHICH I ONLY HAD TO DO BECUASE OF BECOMEING A MAJOR. BUT SEE IT HAS RELEVANCE TO THE RELATIONSHIP ASSETS I WANT TO DICUSSS. LAST COUPLE WEEKS I FINALLLY STARTED SPREADING SOME CPITAL OUT AROUND THE BRONY FANDOM, AND EVEN GOT MYSLEF NIGHTIM GLASSES UWU!)

wow i dont know where caps lock came form. it definately dfelt like i was living like that these last months, in the summer esp. i cna;t believe how much time has gone by since then, and there's still so much to do

i am hppy things ar so vibrant, but im quesitoning whether this living situation can accomodate hteimmense amoutn of work i need to complete. i thought my foundation was solid bedrock, but now i;m realizing it could be the same mid everone else uses. i just want somethign closer to the market

i love the market so much. i dont understand how i lost it, but i respoect my choices to favor integrity over xxxxx (idk, what do you call it: adrenaline, joy, happiness>?). there's soem thign to investing that's jsut os maamzing, and i wish i had someone who could share that feeling wiht me .
 
 man where to evern find something like that.. i have no clue. but i feel like i ened it to remain authentic to myself/ that or mounds of cpaital too de[plpy
 
 i thin things will clear up by march next year. it looks like ill have hte time ill need, even if it doesn come iwth emotional tability or whonlensss. ecausue ive edine so much and people need to caree
 
 i feel better now. it was nice towrite htat out. i miht stop lamenting on the things kayla and i dot ogehter, bute eiecaus meh'
 
 
 
 ive introduced her to how i really am and what i really care about. idk we'll see if she can provie eherself and make things work. i see so mcuh of will bent towards my obejctives, and i jsut wonder how
 
 i need to get ready because htings will happpen wquickly. DrFV couldbuy all thewarrant any fucking day now. i just hope the apes recognize how big this is after it's all over and help us grow aognsdie hteir generous efforts.
 
 what we have tofday is so disconnected. it ruips people away from the most amazing inventio never created. makes them think that markets are actually the forms of middlemen they see each day

 but we need certificate authritieis to enforce stadnards. we can prosper when investors ar eprotected with a basic level of diligence. and i know we can do it togehter on a compeltely newe level to anything rugualtors or titans have ever seen before.

 it
 's been  so much progress lately in oral conversation that i cant close my eyes or turn off my brain. i even cancelled my gym membership some weeks back to take out ancillary nocicese and focus on absorbing the seniment groht all aorund. i want to give my complette and total ability to the caseu once we are funded, becuase i care about asset managment more than anyhting in the world and will show eerone jsut how amazing i can be with a portfolioo made of friendship