I am doign better at friendship. Yay! There were a lot of evelopments last ngiht when i went really hard with music again .

The politickign work is just a lot of stress, ebause i want to get things perfect. There are always a million factors at play and it feels good to getthem all lined up proper. Hec these lst months I really did feel like i should take on the CEO=style role of a syhndicate owned by the DUNA.


Power is really enticing. It lets me achiee my goals and have fun all tat the same time. I have to let it go, and that is hard.

I always had toruble ,,,,,,,,,,,,, idk how to frame it differnetly, maybe I could always iprove. Ir wa jsut hard for me to give up contorl over things I cared about becaue I do think I know the best and rifght way. Because I always put in so much work to get hgins right.

Butthat;s .......... gah I dont see things explicilty wrong with it. I like that I have a masculine approach oy my work and move ahead as I think best. I like the progress going along with my plans.

But I've realizedthat the effort here is extreme, and thus it is a centralized unnatua lactivity. tohers know so much more collectveily and deserve the stage to work. And I cana  dvdsg ssupport the mby allocating capital to what I support.

I am in the midsth of these exhesetntial choices to pick a team for what is practically forever. I think of all that's at stake, and I appreciate the opporuntiy t owork on it. it's why i put so much  care into the politics

i want to get all that right, and I routinelyt htink about waht it would be like in office. but it's taking everythign from me that I value deeply. I can do i t very well, but it's a face and act like the masking I know so well

Ive said this is the last to a lot of thigns this year. I think i'm rifnlyl at my wits end on politickig, crafting a public narrative that services my policies. i just want to move on and exclsuvily focus on friends and our collabroations

i know we can all the get the freedom to be enough. it just seems we'll have to todo it in this system they've wrapped around us . . i 0-jut want to give _everyone_ incriedble investment returns, while nalancingout the long-term implications of those cincetives

oters are starting to talk about planning in decades and centuries, but they do some from a place of centralized control and suprior knowledge. I just want to ignore their rhetoric and advance the freedom evident in foundingiioloiogiesm that also wanted to rpeserve power in George . AS much as i ...... guh i just hope for political epxeriency based on technical cpmpettence and design consdierations
