Man I'm tired but wanted to take a minute for myself in this since I probably won't tomorrow. Excited for a new Tamers ep, which is something it feels nice to be able to say to myself. The public part is antithetical to just being accepting of my own interests.

I don't know how the CEO-type people deal with all this because it is so much. Like I am familiar with getting used to pain and weathering through the tough bits. That's not my quandary.

It's just the constant knowing that everything's on your shoulders. It's an immense responsibility that pushes me to give so much into everything. I do feel like I carry that even without the explicit titles.

The SCF work is cementing into collective support around all the changes I've proposed. I am excited to see how it expands as we start working together more to fix things. The hard part is I need to make all these personal choices about my own stances on things, which is tough because the existing work has tried so hard.

I do feel like the guy going in and tearing down a home to build a skyscraper, and I've always felt the need to protect the existing infrastructure. But I just can't stand for yatta yatta. I'm going to try to keep it light.

Lately discussion of politics has been a real bore on me. It's just gotten less and less fun to censor myself out of respect for a dilapidated status quo. Even though the power is completely lopsided, my friends are supporting me to speak the truth and be myself.

Thanks for that—you guys let me be the hunter. I am also making new friends as I grow back into the fandom. I think I drifted away because I forgot about some of the art. But things have been heating up again and there is so much amazing active publication I want to support.

Chives supports the position Kayla takes on that, and I appreciated their perspective on things. It feels like us against the world sometimes, and I will admit that it feels good to have someone else to share the work with. I feel a little guilty because I have all this central work to do around the investor emailings automation, but hearing them cheer on successful wins helps a lot. I want to go down that road again and again, and I need to set up the tap with some love.

I've found a lot of love in the fandom content, and I know that love exists too in the other online spaces. It's something special I feel capitalism robbed from our local physical worlds, and I appreciate the opportunity to spread it online to the greatest extent possible.

I remember walking through the towers and vineyards of some of those European castles. It was so interesting to see the walls and understand the dynamics. Now I get to do that as a firsthand forerunner into a new financial system, and it's really exciting.

Also, I've spent some time bettering myself and, looking back, I can understand the position of Brunson. People want to support artists through their live event tickets, and it's reasonable to have the same inclination towards business teachers. It is a choice to practice life like that, and who am I to judge others for how they spend their funds.

Sometimes the externalities yatta yatta, but I trust people to do what's best for them. I was in that spot a long time ago, and I just appreciate how we can still coordinate and try to do good in the world. I want to take everyone I can down the path I see as ideal for capital.

Things are cleaning up, and I took time for myself for the first time in probably eight months these last few days. Just a couple hours total including tomorrow with only content that makes me smile. It's really appreciated because I want to hold the line with only healthy contents in my body.
