I'm really thankful for Uncle Kit. he tried so hard to help in so many ways. i remember a lot of good times at his old house during the boom years

i am thankful for my good mental health. it means a lot of have a clean (alpha beta symbols here) mental state. I'll do everything my spine can support to keep it that way 

I'm getting a little more comfortable going into the headwinds of nature. taking positions a little or out of stride. I'd nothing else, I'm learning the limits of narratives and how to tell when I'm on a boat that needs substantiation to stay afloat 

i appreciate that i can substantiate my what into the routes my goal needs. it's been A wacky few weeks watching the level of centralization fluctuation around timeline

I'm back in a better place filled with love, and I'm resting to add in tolerance. i think tolerance might be the antithesis of dominance. that is really cool to learn because it's hard to say "don't focu ons or be xyz" and i already know the tolerate side 

we had an awesome day and am awesome weekend. made soap yesterday with a homemade kit Kayla way awesome enough to grab. because we pulled it out of the date night that earlier the week

so fun, and then we also watched a bunch of this new good anime. she likes is a lot Tom and commented on liking fantasy. always finds the just exciting things after watching through things herself

i appreciate her screening, and she did an awesome er er job today getting us tickets to jim gaffagin. e show was donated towards an older audience with a lot of wife jokes and alcohol references. had a fun time and pretty campus around the theatre (really was laugh analysis to Jason's to which also had an incredible time all in my shoulder lol aw. uwu)

anyway the best party was after when we got to watch the Indiana League Grand championship live. i couldn't fkn believe person won. we were the only live spectators not involved with the team, and we was an absolute BLAST! 

also running about if another fridge would help with the food situation. like for how much meal delivery is it would be cool to just grab a bunch of what u saw at Costco that was pre made b you know. everything there mixed with their gush guax like i don't think it could be less efficient even with prepackaging

beautiful forest walk as well. nice stairs and stones set up a year garden. Kayla and i took pics alongside a ton of proof in the big stone fountain with brick columns in the middle of the park

I'm just going to keep doing with all of this. 