Just need a minute. Realize how awesome the original core contribution in 870 was for the Stellar docs. Backward mind says hoped to spend more time analyzing in the first place. Bri has definitely been tag-teaming things with me, which is truly great and helpful—I like how she can make her own finalizing edits.

I want to address some lingering whiteboarded points: from like a month ago I was happy to lay out more network vision points. I forget if it was in docs or some community chats. I’ve appreciated the few in the ecosystem who understand the meaningful market perspective.

It was really refreshing to be on a call last week Wednesday night, linked... (lol there I go again trying to document absolutely everything perfectly). I remember when Donna was like lol we don't need the exact insurance doc in the second meeting. That was sorta refreshing because I think she got how anal I was about everything being exactly in place.

Kayla talked to me about it yesterday, how she had struggled with the perfectionism at work. I know things don’t need to be perfect, and I accept that I need to give things to others and accept their results without handing it over to my own standards. But there's a different set between all that micromanagement and—

I just want to make things of high quality. I like how Lego is like “perfect is the standard.” They always made the best Star Wars things to influence my childhood.

The thing that really stands out is how you can build something that will last decades. The bricks don't mold or warp. And I've put them under some really hot situations.

I strive for that in my own work, because I know I won't be around here forever. And so I want to leave people with something that they can comprehend. Korean put it nicely when remarking (approximately) that they are dumb (rip) but can understand things if you explain it adequately to them.

Anyway I think it was Adam who asked me if I wanted to take the conversation one way or more towards a vision of the network or the next decade. That was pretty sick because nobody (yes I am not going back to generalized nopony) has really asked what I think about direction like ever. The years of Stellar dev mailing list (with the important exception of CAP-42 / SEP-39 asset split talks with constructive feedback) were pretty quiet from an intellectual side.

We might not be the perfect team, but we're trying. And that’s also why I appreciated Kayla. She’s been making a lot of food and working all hours like me lately, really appreciated behavior.

I think back then I helped with some chores, and I even did dishes with my wrist last night. Po... I look forward to having the governance in place so that that sorta collaboration is easier online as well.

It feels really good to be clearing out my personal thoughts. There's just so much going on in my head, I need to bring some of these things down out of the air. I remember when things got really tough after Response 5, I played the last Vader Immortal game on that Quest from US Bank. What a trip that was.

Actually first time I had cider, which I know would make the whinny pones happy. I didn't like the feeling and am going back off, as it was my only drink literally ever (full at least) and even then no tastes since childhood. But it was a little fun dizzily swinging the saber.

Anyway, I really appreciated the story across the series. And I loved how it all wrapped up. I saw a lot of my own transformation in the game as I quested through over the last year.

Kayla was so awesome getting those credits for me Valentine’s Day. She learned what I wanted and just made it the most fun thing ever. I was thinking about doing a “values therapy” together with her and GPT, but it never really happened in the central frame I had in mind.

I had it slated here for Sunday, but the emotional intensity crossing with the start of Response 8 work just had me at an insane output level. I was so paranoid about the physical security after that car, and then like fkn the officers were way different than the station. I’m just glad I was good at trading with that and left a public trail.

Anyways main thing was that I’ve realized how much she cares about me. It was really close to tough departure again like after Response 4. But we just couldn’t bear separation.

It could be a challenge on compatibility grounds, but I just hope these next years prove the opposite. I want so dearly to go back to the 50s-era prosperity where both partners aren’t forced to labor endlessly to the behest of what looks more and more like a ruling class.

Gha.

Guh.

I just have been thinking a lot about Innisfail and contemplating the governance and ownership model they used. Requiring private natural monopoly gives you the efficiency and control, and it was in all likelihood needed with the communication tools back then. If only they could see the public discussion we have now, how anyone from anywhere can help to make it all a better place.

I appreciate my mom and dad for always supporting me, especially through this stressful time when I just needed raw help. I try to do that same for K because she usually normally mostly can reciprocate, and then like my parents keep wanting to see me like her so it’s fun and nice to be wanted and have a place to go. I also appreciate my strong work ethic and focus.

Lastly, K and I played a lot of cards together lately, which I found helped take the edge off when I needed to think but keep my mind actively distracted. Double solitaire was fun, and then we got the Dune Imperium game from the library but couldn’t figure out how to play it lol. So we replaced it with a unicorn card game where we had a blast allocating our stables full of beautiful creatures.
