Very early in the orning , adn jsut ifnishign up a really isnane week. Prepping myself for arelceftion day next few days because I've completd a lot of materia wlrok Ive had in the words for years. most recently was the first SEC audit reponse, with tfull pretext of theree ocmments.

And, of course, 3 days before that was the third comment itself, layoung the baailout framewokr groundwork. So thankful and appyp for the insteanse stellar effots from everyone that led to thi final rpoduct thourhg the magic of Smith's hand. <3


It asn't easy getting it all done in this tight framing , and so I pappreciated a lot of RD music that pushed methrough to the max as I powered on . I've stumbled on Wonderb3lts again, and it's reall made me nostalgic of Kay;a. That and this near-week trip has me missing her. Sehe is so weet, and lol send me a tiktok of just that recently e.

I want to bring the relatinoshoip and marraige up in the relfection because it's really been distracting me to not be all in lately. And frnkaly how muhc of that can even occur takes due consideration I've always been logical about these kinds of things, whihci is why I find it so unique that I have a moment to tackle life's miracles now,.

Also last couple days was Christpoher's gradution from app State! We have had an awesome time celebrating, like hwen mom made him a scrabble message full of love. He loved his chef outfit apresents and the book and pinball machine cash from everyone R.

After the ceremony yesterday, we went out on the town bars. Then chrispher had Dad and karina and me come meet gim at a frat house party, whcih was super fun! Dinner with him and gramda and grpaha and chris and his friend R.J. and everyone was both indcredible and enjoyable!

zAlsdo night before, we had a party with everyone plus more of Chrispher;s friends. I enjoyed talking to private-security cop-mocker fun guy from New Mexico. Some really fun storieds form all their crazy erience at walmart:
- naked ladies high shopping!
- people lying parking lot!
- Mom's NYC growing stories

it's definayey a differnt use of my time which I seem pretty good at thanks to all the practice (air quotes). things went well, and I aprpeacited my steadfast mremmebreance of K and her eternal lovre as we walked aorund places. also, Chrispther made some pokr and om brought king ranch chivckern for the part y alongside sweets from the town which made an icnredible stpread!!!!

we went to the town a couple times, mom and I - walking, easting, and playing. She was fun enought to talk to and so sweet showing me around everywhere like I was her guest. i'M GLAD i g et to tenoy theyese familyt  things now while my parents are healthy, even if I weind up walking half an hour to find the gravel road's electric mainline serivce! :)
