Before getting started, cna I reiterate just how much I fuchking love TA? Like holy shit, I started doing it on the time in minutes (most often_ and hours)in conkunction with mionutes :o). It is actually legimiately seriosuly insane.

I reallry really like getting flashes of "trade" inspiration when the hand crosses over to a new material "lucky" minutes vis-a-vi "lucky numbers" in trading. Moreover, I've come to realize quite presciently lately that politicking is literally just trading. You're analuzing complex systems, mentally accounting for all known factors, and making a choice which is right or wrong.

It's kind og exilerating!

I'm really thankful for the unsiver's path bwihc broght me down the life journey i  so enjoy. It's truly quite blissful knowing I have the strong foundations of Kayla and Stellar. They're very miportant piillars of my life which stand stall to support the the orthcoming free market (,lol lfee-less buit idk sounds good that way if we could get gov through a dUNA)

ZVERY THANKFUL FOR THE GOVERNANCE INNOVATIONS QUITE PARTICUALTLY FROM THER SDF, A SERIOSULY-UNIQUE INTIIATIVE. IN SO MARNY WAYS, INCL. SCF HERE

pqyvso im back and man K was horny like wow nice. I'm starting to retain my energy after mid0-day sessions, which I'm accounting to a more deliate balance of carbs in my diet. Ideally, i'd be bak on full keto, but budgets suffice standards at this point. 

On the topic of poiticking, i'm finally feree of any alternative paths! THankfully, after this last comment and SEC review starting , there is literallyh nothing else I can meaningfully do with my life anymore ! It's kind of exilerating, because hnow I hqve to make it ork.

Speaking of the comment, I've come to regocnzie that I've been acting like a pussy-ass bitch these last few months . I think it o culd stem from the frusterations I had with the asshats at Vegas. (breath!)

I'ts quite a tark contrast with the ocmmunity of people who actually speak the fucking truth, The trust. something they cans't stop us from spreading once the world realizes their lie. 

Lol I roght FTDs up in the review, and I cna't wait to see if the commision takes a bite at it for us; 

jnksv k for yum,my heart wax jelly andy
