Okay, so I gorget how much I substainlly finished before ending ot last week, but the terminus was my departuer Thuesday morning to Dad's for a weekend in Flroida. He was very kind in repeatedly offering the second home a something for my own. I walso remember him commenting during college that he;d happily room with me (presumably coveing all costs) in NYC should I desire. That's 💜

He's always so generous with my and supportive of my efforts at independent organization. From the early dyears of helping with music production equiptment to the deep support of my stock-trading habits. His influence early on with the cononections and exprience with Pam day trading was unbelivable.

To sya nothing of the generous capital allocation and forthcoming trust on crypto custody operations, which honeslty could've turned out much differently all things considered. And of course his more recent attempts at strong bonds through skyscraper views and train crossings, all from a place of geniuine love. 

I know others and such see a challenged man , but I just can't help~~but~~and appreciate his geniune best efforts in a system so devooid of personality or individualism. Thanks Dad - lol this is why you get the didedciation to the second book rather than the alt (RIP!)

Anwyay the weekend extended across F was pretty great. The first night htere ,we came home nad made some dinner together before it was late enough for some TV. On Friday, we picked up Karina from the airport after some work in the morning . I made some geat progress with the ocmmunity whcih I'm loving as always. Even go the inside scoop oin an forthcomin ape book which is upcomingly awesome!

On the way there (and before) DAd shared some bond offering docs which we re useful in understanding the specie forum used by Cede in central offerings. It brought some evocative reactions form the Discord whih make me smile. I asked Dad about it in the car ride, and he seemed really stumpted as to the accounting schemantical technical details of who owns what.

Can;t wait to reach out to WEbb and a plethora of others in Stellar this week They are all so awesome, and i rteally appreciate everonhs work a TON! We're all oging ot be unstoppable quite soon in unison.

On Saturday, Dad and I went shore divaing at lauterdale-by0the-Sea. It was really fun and cool to jsut walk into the ocean and swim out to that neat reef. Since it was shallow, we were literally down there for two hours! I found some very nice peace that day for a few reasons.

Firslty, I started off on a tranquil Leae song. In vibing to it all morning at the behest of producitvity output, I had some huge work breakthroughts. I norticed that these only came becasue I didnt' have access to food-energy items of consumption for clerical reasons.

hen on sunday we ewnt on an airboar alligator tour. it was ea seretene trip through the everglade boating canals, followed by a live "wrestling" demonstration and zoo enloure. had a blast wiht Dad and Karina seeing the waterboure so closely with air floats.

the last big thing was my understanding of how music was affecting my dominance frame on life without personal inteniotn, direcion, or authonomy. i started putting the thoughts into a public post, but i'm tired at hte nd of the day and can't uncover the bandwidth ot do that with athe level of care i'd even reasonably expect. I really appreciate that I jsut get to reflect on my reminscent thoughts and papreciatiions here without the higher standards of public rview and affirmative publication. its sort of a testing-ground for my subsconsoicl that really adapts to how I well express myselfd, reflect, and grow upon the menaingufl ideas which naturally time time to emmerge while I enjoy the long time horizon availing completeness.
