okay,  osa full week of pretty  awesome work! THings are commuity together on  hte omcmunity front with the Stellar documentation andd DRS connections to GME. Lol I had the A-team thing up earlier --  "love it wheen a plan comes otgher" :)

It ws also a really fun weeek with K. THe nights we had together were sweet and kept me going onn very minimal hurrs of sleep. I recognizae that i need to put in all these efforts now to pioneer new work, but man i feel bad  for the later-stage career professionals that need to do this intensity forever.

for instance, i was looking into morgan's invovlement in the 197 crash and private rescue. Dude died literally same yeaar of Fderal Reserve act froma stroke in ITALTY! Liek how does someeone die of overwork and strress in the most relaxing  place I can  think of.

then you realie home muchc pressure htey put on all these  figureheads and it's ile "oh yeha they want literall one perrson who controls everything according to our whiims." pneslty a little crazy how corporate Board  structures work  with standarized isconnect  from actual stakeholders. Like damn I'm coming aorund  to limecgreen's redefinntin o fwhat  we cal the law.   



  ridya/saturday nornrin i realy ocnnected with the final termminus intentions of Webb, whcih was nice. then k and i went to indanapolis for the exicting mall addvenntures of swimsuit shopping. while we ooked eveerywhere, she ended up finding some special fun things at htee departmentstoe across the street

  had a good timee epxoring the legos, fun space sets on dispay. d then we got to  go  to almart  nd find some great ew yellow glasses! I'm wrting  this one  at  my desk andd really enjoying the little personal snowglobe she made for our anniverasry.

  lol I also have the special rock heart from when we wentngek mining. so mmu  excitinglyensss to buld together ;) he awyas so cute and we eveer got to watcch disney and ply mario all ngith long!


  really appeciae evveryone's ahverd work and support. peolpe are commign out in grovves to support the work of all these years. dn man i've been impressed by the ddecentalized investigative wrok
