Hello brain and thank you thank you thank you for being so smart. Seriosuly like my entire career exists becuase of oyu. And you are just so curiosus about markets for some reason after epxloring the world.

Its amazong. Inspiration to say the least to a cpative audience. And man I just really appreciate all the brilliane you share daily with me :purpole_hear:

2Today I took anogther look at K's picture book. I was lceaingn up my office, which went aweomsely. So much mroeognaized and very relaxing working enviroment,

That srapbook always makes me cry, and I love her so much. Paritucaly love this incredible thing she made all those years back. I cant believe we met under such infspured circumstances as the sneeze happened.

The world is consipirng to help me give masses ofpeople real sacingd and retirmenets. And man I love and apprecaite that so very muhc. You are aweesome world, and go you!

\\Also, i rall appreciate htat i've sopped being so efocentric . I reclal the daus of so ,ucj focus on personal appearnce. I feel at pece npow hat the only audience i need or want to please is the great times I have takin K uot on special dates. 

It was  abreasht of fresh air and matirurirty to gance over our time otgether all those years back. She;s just amical, and I cna't wait to marry her. Thank you world for everything you;ve gifted me ivingly

And I guess im happyto report that hte ocmmmuntiy park dconstricution is coming allong spelentdily. I appeeciate the beirtoccatop jfprces pttig everything ito play now. I truly feel like those kids out there, playing around ad doing everything i love each day
