Anniversary on Star Wars Day!!! I'm so thankful she was cute enough to just defer to the 4th all those years ago. Lol I remember how happy she was to be together after that aquarium ice-cream visit. She's been so cute putting together so much effort these last few weeks on top of birthday.

Lol sorry I'm like having trouble typing because of the intense last few days. So glad I'm able to fully commit, and other times now I will take more of my rest. Maybe these in audio form, I thought, but I know it's just much better for me in a lot of ways to do the typing.

I'm thankful for all the tools and experiences I have that brought me here today. Realized in this last comment how much care and passion just overflowing from the pages of my narratives. Love that it gives me a unique viewpoint, drive, and ability to make the right services for everyone.

After a crazy night wrapping those thoughts together, I watched some cartoons again and went to bed. Was nice to be more peaceful with myself. Then we got to get up and go on a train ride!

This was the awesome trip K planned to Metamora where we drifted through the tracks of the country, along forests and waterfalls to find the canal trek. It was so gorgeous and really happy to go with her along the journey.

Such a beautiful life I get to enjoy all the time with her. And everyone else just makes it so special. Like, at the town, we went to this incredible pizza place together where they put it in the wood oven right in front of us!

Then we walked around some more and explored the shops. Got some delicious coffee and boba together while perusing some special train and bookstores together :) Plus so many great real big trains!

Then we crossed the river to go gem mining together. Right after we walked around the pretty park at the falls. Plus some incredible mini golf after that in the heart of the town.

We both had such great games together, and K had fun blasting through the last few fun ones so we made it back to the train on time! Really an incredible trip to ease off an intense week. So glad to get these couple days off for once!
