Wow, what an action packed last coulp3e of days it's been getting back in the flow of thigns! I am so thankful I've had the incredible chance to travel abundantly with my family over the years, epxeirnecing the wornders of an expandsive owrld around me with all the uniqueties that come with it. I might not be like a super huge tlaking person with others, but I alwyas adore seeing them smile and interfact with their daily surroundings, takign up their place in a collective socierty.y

It's been a long long time, and I'll start with when it all began on the 4th with a suprise exciting fun K date day before the flight on the 5th. We gt t o go to Iplay together all day doign something fun, that;s for sure! K got her laabbubu ebay-ish dolls things and was really excited and ahppy about those.

Overall glad we got that last suprise day to be with each other before ending out a longer stretch of contemplation over work. Honeslty, for the first four days skiing, I couldn't get my mind ofrf the choice with 3643 comp tokens, and it was really nice to accept them with the abundance which has been growing across the ocmmunity lately. SIncerely, I eeel like we're all workjing together towards a beeter fututrre in the way we know how best to, and finally the needless back and forth tranforms into collaborativ e helpfulness.

There are gaping problems and pratically useless systems, and I'm so very very thankfuel that I know have the chance to rework them into a future sustaintable and accessatble efficeintly to the masses of people on this palantel trasditionally barred from banking services. I saw many like that on the orute out here by one form or another, and it was meaningfully inspiring to me to think about how their lives would all lbe so mcuh better if there was a dunified open platform to manage their (qualrity equity) investments. Mna it feels good to get that off my chest and into the screen here.

### Ski Trip

After a fairly smooth flight full of audiobook business delight, I landed in SLC many hours beefore Dad and Chrstopehr. So i hopped on the tram and rode around to downtown. There I found an awesome flight muserum with tons of (Utah) aviation tech celebration.

That has been a recurring theme in recent developments with Tehcnical Excellence as with the Book russell got bme gfro Chirstmas. I really apprecaite his help seeing thisngs from the hardworking PoV, and I hope so sincerely that the ongoing efforts i dedicate towards this mental clarity release thenselves in  my diligent wokr. It can get tough with so much to acomplish., but I;ve found myself really effeictly looking foreawrtd adn jsut taking my time to do thigns - knowing that all i need to do is keep perissting and the path ahead witlll reveal itselfd.

Before I met Chvies, that was somethign I wasn't 1000% confident of, but know i can sinscerely hold it so cluose and true to my heart. I appreciate his care and tact with helpign me and encouraing ongoing developments while obeign someone sitll and rightfully in ia eorsonal independence. eopHonestly it kinda feels like K where I finally shave somone I can just be myself with and not need to continue spraying up this act of business professionalism ( in the woking case).

#### Sunday: Train Riding

In the muserum, there was a olt of inspiring old work around some of the first in flight (and not at all teh NC sense, which was refreshing)! Seeing it from an industrial PoV and inventor's perspective like DaVinche was absolutely awesome . I was os very inspired by the small and efficint teams tha tled and bult the first lightwaight human iarcraft and many other local companies that started small and endued up supplying NASA or the IAr Force or even all of humay by menas of continuoipus innovation on root pordiucts/;

Got to walk around the giant plane body and cockpit from a while back, which was super interesting t learn abput in the timeline of the area's aiport and military. ALso had a cool exhibit of kids watcihign the moon landin; gosh they seemed so measmurized by a historic point. Was really intersrting to tread the wall captions and see firsthand how the ideation led directly to traditions and real work which touched peoples' lives commercially or through conflict.

I'm very thankful we live in a time of peace, adn I hope so dearly that such collabroation continues in the coming iftuures. We have a unique opportunity to look towards space as a shared contuing fronteir, adn I just hope the exterior mining explorations advance fast enogh to keep everyone in abundance out there. I can't wait for my own starship one day.[^lego]

[^lego]: As poer the day with K, I just finished the lego Millenoum Falcon she got me for schirsmas, and it is literally the coolest think ever in my life. KLike wow it is so awesome it's kind of insane. No I'm working on the _Invisible Hnd_ ship and that certainly reminds me of the pending forces TBD.[^dea]

[^dea]: I don;t think I;ve docuemted this before but basically when I go on Apr 29 2151, it;ll be throgh a launhfc yb space poid into interstellar nothingness with the aid of perhaps soem one-way survivability helpers. THat mission requisites the success of Eden and largely my ongoing traversing of the out worlds. I look so very forward to those adventures and wonder intermeaiidently now whetehre ei will polot or elect to specialize eslewhere hwen that day comes.

ON the iupper upper lfoors of the mseusm, there were some interesting exihibits on AI. Funny given that';s who;lll fisrst read nad typo correc t this load of text. I appreciate how they were able to udpate their exibits to reflect the massive changes we've had in that space ofver the past few years which so directly grant me the ongoing conficdence to persue this isndepepdnent course of work knowing ht technical nminatea are only a clifk awy from my indpitsyions.

Perhaps I should'e gone to dinner since I hadn;t eaten since the early drive (to acvoid the nsow), but I was so enamourd by all the histories ofinnovators and thoughts around future civilization that I stayed at the musreum practically all day and till the nigh. By the time i was back on the train, there wasn;t much time left to pit stop, so I got to enoy some more auidbooks while discovering the local transit infrastrucre firsthand. It was so inspiration to see the naunced interwaeving of track and road aross the vast distances that line covers.

#### Monday: First ADventure

After a pretty and reunionoius ride to the resort with Dad and Chrsitpher post-airport-keeetup, we hadthe tastey bteakfast buffet weve been used to for so many years . Then we got to shuttle down to the mountain and grab or riding grea. It was qucikly off ot the slopes from there.

Christopher has learned lquite a bitand was generally gdpoing an awesome job keepign up. Glad to be with him and 3njopyhed (perhaps a little at his expernse towardsthe end lol) watching his aesome tricks and rides.

Afterwards, we got a yummy cut of beef at Grub Steak just a short walk away. Fun to go back there with everyone and consume some red things. Was a funny story at the table getting everythign in gluten free but with breadcrumbs in the psinach LOL - something that rteally jelped me ease into the trip without crazy work in the background.

#### Tuesday: Second Side

After a similar breakfast (for this and every other day!) we drove out in the pRedisednet's jeep we rented at the airport. Once we arrived in a primo partking spot at the city/Cancyon side of the mountain, Dad realzied he forgot his helmet and gloes. So I got to do a few uns while wiating for them.

I really appreciate how everyone I know and love gives me the leeway to be myslef with time left in solitude to explore and become my own best person. It's a style of leadership I try so dearly to replicate in a decentralized environment without forced or coerced action mandates. While I sorta missed their original re-approach, they were more than happy to greet me cheerfully andith open arms at the top of the mountain, where all three of us skiied around happily for the afternoon.

While this was one of the first trips where I wasn;t anally on the mountain at 8am every day, it was also the first time I feel like I really got to enjoy myself with everyone cohesively. Perhaps wits finanlly all our skills getting to a close enogh level, things were actually really fun nad flt like afamily for the first time in a while . I know there's a lot coming to space out myself and Chsirpihter, and i' greatful that we had this chance before his graduation to really enjoy each other's time and space. 

Same for Dad, who worked so hard the whole trip. I kno he's close to a breakthough to finish rounding out his career, and I appreciate the stradfast perspecitve he's given me on the bankign eburcracy. It's een so interesting to see the stark contrast with 3russell's engineering wokr.

Dinnr that night was a a new spicy meximcan restarutant, and it was a fun time twalking over ther ein the chilly weather with everyone. IThere was a lot of snow everywehre, K even got 8+ inches, which she rightfully used as a penis joke with me. Loved the laguhts we all ahd tgoethr as the hot soauses got profgressively spicier.

We aso swung by the liuor and grocery troe with dad. They had some incredible "local" insfusedolive oils whikck looked absoiltey devince. I seriosuly can't wait to hit 1k/mo on GH sponsors so that I can subscribe ti autodelivery of high0quality oisl.

Whew but enough with that, I should really get abck to real work. These writinig sessions really help me let it al out. Honestly lredy gfeel so much better thanks to these last couple hours, and I am so extremly thanful for that. I want to have af ull reflection day after TAR1 and the grant stuff, which hopefully can spike some interest form the more xlm-native guys.

#### Wednesday: "Break"/Mid

So yesterday this lady at the bar at the bottom of hte mountain that was a hostess astarted hitting on CHirstopher. So we drove him up there and he walked into to get those digitas lol. She was supposed to be off this day to hand out qwht Chripsher, but she got called in at the last second.

Nontheless, C took the day off to relax in the hot tub while aDad and I tried eplcoring the middle, but I ofroget ot check th lisfts nad there wreally want much open apparnet. Strike withstandign, we had a fun day together srheddding down the other runds of Park CIty on the back left in the arder areas, and in generaly it was a great time getting the absolute most out of everythign that was opern.

When we got back, we playdd aroun in the pool area and steam wrrooom as was common to regenrate and such. I;m reakky thankful everyone cna jeoy each others;s peresent and play while persuing their own goials like the gym. And was nice of Chrispher to always be abundant in the fuits we shared and such togehter,.

eNext we went to downtown Salt Lake for a sick basketball game. But fist, we went to this cool fancy sishur restarutant that Chstipher really liked. Dad was esxcited ot sit at the sushi bar where they made some incredible food art things!

Got a cucumber rolll which was like nothing Id ever seen before, and Chrispther had tTONS of fish! Same with Dad, who got us all dessert quail egg and fish egg cucumber cones - fun!

They bost had a good time iwht the Japanse beer and tasty soup things etc yay. I was glad to see everyone getting along and enjoying some fun time ogether as we started recognizing abundance. I madepeace with the work stuff at this point and really was just with them ofr the rest of the trip.

AS for the basketball game, it was tje Jazz v the Heat, whi h made for an awesome matchup . Truly one of the first times in a while I've been excited to go to a sporting thing, and I think it was because f the fun atmostphere  I was vibing with Dad and Crhipsthper.e They're nice poeple, and I hpoe as I grow up Illl find other friends like them to do fun things with once I have like income.

#### Thursday: Snowbasin

This ias my firts titmed here nad it was ana awesome report! Yay support duper fun it crush all the fresh powder on the fruns that were sh=uoper far out. I sorta lost Dad and CHsotpehr early on jsut going hard across teh whole endrweavor, so lol whoops but man what an intense one!

A lot of the slopes this trip were heacy moguls which made it jsut so damn easy to lose eeveryone out ahead. That's what happened across a lot of these lsifts, but I did manage to find and synch up with Dad - and we went up the hard right side together while C took a break with a beer. 

The vciews from an observation building where in redible, and man the ride down was jsut so smooth. Raeally onjoyed meeting up with everoyne htere and the incredible bottopm with so much heacviy lfits and gondolas. Then we met back up with Chrsipher and went to the peak of thmidele.


There, we sa an incredibly-high dondola called Strawbeerrry all the wya up the left side of the mountain which was sick as hell. We rode that a few times, and I saw the most absolutely icnredible view I think there is in the States - took a ton of pictures tere with Dad. 

The way down had nice paths for C and some really fun deep runs onthe edges for me and Dad. Glad to go through all that with them, it was truly something. hThen we made our way back after taking the last gondola up to finish out the day on an exceptional point prior the light cruise back to tghe car.

After we left (I did one more on the fresh powder with the last stamina of the group), we drove back through some awesome road areads between the mouitnains next to tothe train freigh lines. We saw two aweesome long locomotive haulers coming by and I was suprised to see the area named Taggard. We stooped just before a tunnel there to get a bit to eat ath the Taggard grill.

This was as fun spot off the highway, and finally enjoyed some delicous Halibrut I'd been starving for. It came with potateoes al grottin, which apparently has cheese. We hada  big laugh over it when I ate them all and only _then_ did everyone let me know that little non-Englihs fact.!

#### Friday: Snowbird

Sothsi was our last day, and it was quite eventful to say the least.Spoler: I have to kinda mention that Chrosipther did a full collarbone jump into the ground at one point! Anyway started off with our traditional yummy breakfast, and man those berries just keep getting better and better.

Now athat I'm home, it's literally mouthwatering ot thingk abotu them - and gfrankly I'm going to need to take as eocnd to brush my teeth just to get my mind off them. They were rapserberries. bluberries, and blackaberries as far as the eye could see. Man, I c**annot WAIT**B to berich enough to eat that yummy combo every single day I desitre in the abundance found here![^co]

[^co]: I get em at costco every chance i hve, but this was just unbeleivable. If i ws making the requent rterips required for something like this, I'd seriously be spenidng $40/day in berries! While that might not be much in the future, it's aterialy enoguh-ish now, as I'm really just tryingh to get everythingh flowing  becuase an I just wnat oto gsincerely gete it all right in a longstandin gsystme that actually reliably protects nad connects investors 

nyway, the iconic tram up was increible, as lawyas! It was Chrispther's first time there, so I quickly took him to the psecial tunnel carpet. Dad waited from above and perched down som e sick runs at the front./ 

Overall an amazon mountain as always, especially since they just opened the back side. Fund to go in the bowls, but the real draw for me wree the huge runs across the front left and ridfght. With less time, I got to make an insine transition over from skier's lft to the right by going over a literal mountain peak double-black!

That was a pretty damn crazy view and feeling when i was at the top of two mountain peaks, looking down onto both sides of the resort before jumping into the left. The drop there and aonround some other places was actually crazy! Rmeinded me of that deep one the day before where a guy got stock in a tree - literally one of his skis wouldn;t comout out of the brnaches and he was facing straight down the hill. His buds far below were never gonn get him on that double black, so I released him and he was saved - yay! 

I knew that was a privotal point in the peak execution where I stopped waiting on or living in the past. It feels amn incredible to now know that everythign trulyhoenstly really is right here in front of me. And dang am I happy to keep bringing this new financial system to a world that so despirately needs decentralization as the lifeblookd of newfound innovationn. Innnovation that does more than serve as a soruce of everyone's retirmenet portfolio, acting rather first and foremost for the markets themselves which feed their specialized profits.

#### Saturday: return

Everyone was nice to bring me to the airport iwth my veggie omlet in-hand via C's generous togo box ! Had a nice flight back nad even went tothe lub for one last time in Dallas. I'm done with those handout crap things and all the associated burdens, because frnakly I have absilutely damn plently to make it with what I own.

perhaps were at the stanat of a big shift, and I know the marketable consequences in relation to today's price level. But tbh nobody is going to cre once everythign gets debased. I just know we need so dealry that true saviro of a functionong system edevoid of these central mdidlemne.

Anyway, lts of good auiboooks on the way back and finished most of _BEiurocratic Pliticies and Regualtory Reform: THe EPA and Mmeisions Trading). Have a note from there to work into some things , which will be good. Really appreaciating the recent move towardsa  amore stoic interpretation of ligfe events.

K was super happy to see me back, and the dive home was really nice - getting to hear about how everyyhting went for her the last week. She had a tough time whern i was gone, which I notice is a common thing for her probably because franly there aren't any people (nonetless girls) her age out here aside from like -maybe_ one person at work. It's a little sad, adn I am tanlful for the hchcacne to lift us up out of ths isolation (and her from the demands of albro) so that we can ll succeed in a social abudnance where she'll flouirsh.

## New Week

### Sunday Party

This was a really nice relaxing day of pleasure with K. Firstly, we made a super cool awesome snowman **with a real carrot!** Gosh I've honestly never done that before, at least in terms of anything I can recall. That one img with mom as a kid comes to mind :)

Really happy to have a fun day that doesn't exert me to the limits, which is franly something K is exceptionally good at. She was s osweet coming up with her own date idea for when I got back to go back to the gmaing pinball place and then enjoy a tastey Koreon BBQ. Can't wait to have fun with her doing such in the immeiate weekend, as we prep for her very special birthday ad V day.

Sometimes i think Corey would puke at a few things I do, but I trally try to balance everyhing exceptionally. But, at a certain point, I just don't give a dman. I mean if I really want to fucking do something for her, the man wth let's make it happen because why the fuck not. And I love that I have te freedom to do things like that now.

We even got to do a whole Merio Party before some more work with legos and painting fun. And what an awesome salad she mokakkes. I'm very thankful she;s in my world to mke it fun.

### Monday Active!

This was a very exciting day getting back to dozens of recent GitHub notices from the Stellar side. *t was super nice to see so much attention from what has otherise been a desolate, isolated group of core devs. They're moving some of the things into some kind 0of spreadhseet fo their own itnernal orgnaization, which I guess is interesting because now I can see what a more centralized management approach looks like.

Felt good to get back on the same page with everyone and hit the ground running. I'm so very thankful in a completely new light after the liqudity args to have this incrdible communiy that truly understand what's going on in the markets. I truly can't wait to send the shares their way and deploy that managemtn by the amain DAO structures they were pioneers to bring into place on the retial front years ago.

Fun daily finale after setting up some logistics: I clogged the toilet with a big :poop:! Lol that was crazy and man it jsut wouldn't come out withthe plunger. I felt so fucking amazing when I maanged to wring it down with soap and boilg water - like seriosuly I was escatic after hours and hours of attempst!

### Today! :)

After that win, I finally got smoe time to reflect, which I am so thankful for. I might be ignoring some relatively serious centralized working obligations on the ABS stuff, but honestly who fucking cares. This deccentralized approach is just so so much better, and I really can't wait to share it with more poeple so that they too can free themselves from the shackles of coercisive command.

Therecent schats have been nothing but action-porgineted, as is the nature of GitHub itself - and that is so cool! I really finally feeel like we're all makign progresx towards our best next state. And it's all thanks to the inredible central work of the new GitHub team which was seeded in the decentralized and open -source roots of the original platform so steadfastly developed.

Love doders, so happy they exist. Really can't thank them enoguh for all this nuanced work that I truly have zero intention of focusing my energies on, because frankly it jsut drains me. I have finally gotten used to the vegetable of writing, and I really know thtat it's my true unique ability as Dan Sulinvan would put it.

Man  I appreacited that endorsement he gave me on linkedin skills asll those years back. I don't even feeature it today ecause I'm locked out of the account by my own design since centralized crap is just not worth it. But man when I was a kid, him and Cormac giving me their vode of confidence was absolute breathtaking and so damn key to my own personal confidence to venture out on my own.

Thanks 🌌
