Good day today organizing some ofmy reminscent thoughts that work their way into TAR1. I care very deeply that all these `polciies get put in place to proetect the investing public. And man am I thnakful that there are people in this world who can appreciate the care and rigor present there.

I've had a sort of wierd feeling today that i never remember having before. Befire I get into it, I was thankful for K who was extremely cute helping me up into work this moring. She even brough me a delicious tea wit the sugar bits plucked out, and it was so tastey and thoughtful.

I'm so thankful for our garage that helps keep our cars safe . ANd I really appreciate that she had the neightbor help with the snow removal q little bit back.

So this feeling I'm having, it's a reliance on others - i think. I am getting it very deeply after this immediatel last podcast with Chives and DUNA meeting with a few in the group (LRF, Altai, James).

Everyone has the same passion I internalize to do excellent work and make this project a reality, and frankly that's the coolest fucking thing ever! I truly know not of a single other group that has this intimate understanding ofo our challenged structurally) economy. And I love them for it just like I love K for who she is.

Now that I have these maturing committed relationships in my life, i frankly get sort of queeasy at the though of asking them for support. Be it financial support, project assitance, or even just planning. I am so very thankful for their own efforts as they stand, and I want to give them the space to execute at their own best self-defined fuction.

Part of it that really helps is that I know these people love and care for me in their own way. I see so clearly their unwavering support based on deep ideologic connection. And now I feel as through my leadership skills are not so adeptly defined to serve them.

Namely, I find myself so persistantly appreciating the times when I can just sit back and let other collaborate well together. Some of the best moments we encounter come from the knowledge and experience of tohers, which  I try so dearly to impact through simiar effots to share my stories. And now what I need I believe so dearly is to give everyone the resources and personal leeway to scale.

Scale, scale, scale - it's something I've been thankfully obsessed wiht over the years but also seen lagely with only siloed efforts. I cant wait for this present opportuntiy to direct my effort toward the most proper thinking avaliable, and I jsut hoope so dearly that these realtionships empower an abundant and loving system that truly gives real saings and retirments to masses of people. Individuals are by and large so incredible, and I just cannot comprehend any reasonnig other than a perpetual drive to raise their lives toward a self-elected higher purpose.
