Write a whole huge giant reflection over the past week yesterday night, only to have it obliterated from existence by a fat finger—whoops! One thing I learned from it is that the solitude I enjoy here is really quite meaningless to the outside world, because the only thing that actively matters are my interactions with other people and the market. I prefer the latter, but we're in the early days and I have quite limited capital to deploy presently.

Notwithstanding, I'm very thankful for this realization of a renewed focus on action geared towards driving value. I know it's the more capitalistic interpretation of working, and I suppose that's a good thing by the nature of economic incentives. Given that's how we allocate and determine objective external value, I principally defer to its guiding light.

It's a nuanced straddle in the nonprofit space, and I'm thankful for the original back cushion and social safety net established by my past efforts and more generally loving family. Everyone is just so incredible in generously sharing over the course of my life—it's truly awe-inspiring. I appreciate the moments when I can share that pathos with others by means of passionate help.

And thanks greatly to the community today, as Cole brought up some recently inspiring economics work I've been thankful for, my ability to think in that space given its grander implications. And ofc thank you to all the scholars who came before and set an intellectual working ground for me.''

I remember going to Galileo's birth home or someone, and seeing their backyard where a quite humble telescope came to uncover the vast sky. It made me realize that the greatest of innovations can come from just about any inspired window—and for that I'm so thankful, forward-bound by its implicit decentralization. 💜
