## Choosing ABundance CONT'D

I;ve staring out at a georgieou sowgy afternoon today. It's been nice enjoying Connersville as a small place where the noice of pyysical dcentralization dare not impead a more tradiionlasist life; . Personally, I still prefer the subwats nad the dence efficicneices of locale. But ths place has been nice, giving me a feel and outlook more aligned with the masses, so  to speark.

My snowman kind of fell, but Ive still got those huge balls we made together anchoring alongside the tree . Those chains are still swingin from an old swing or something. I vow to break the one way or another by the time I leave here.

### Kayla

I've had some time with the cutie as she got her nails done in a super special red-pink-gold decorated art diamond magic.... It was really something, and it seemed to make her so happy. A while back she said that all the other girls alwaus had their nails painted when se was in middle school, making her feel envious.


I hope she finds what she's looking for when and as she goes on these beutification journeys.                 ````````````  `

I've been going backand forther between that ken AShcorp lysic lately: A girl's worth is measured by her denier. Interesting to compare this modern stance iwth the hoistoric us e of women as so ial capital barganaing nadp orperty chips. e

### Masciline and Femananince Stances

Along those lines (elalbiet quite looselsey and irrelevantly0, Ive been thinking about what I'd like everything to look like once she doesn't need to work anymore. One key aspect is travel planningm , something I have spent quite a considerable amount of time on in the past. I don't like it one ebit over traditinoal wokr, and K seems ahppy to do so..

But when it hppens, I can see her oging into a relatively maschiline statee. She gets all short and testing-ish.oo 


I rety so hard togive people the leeway to fail, but on sixzable things like a luxury hotel, it acan be challenging to bite my tonge when I see very plainly that ten minutes of research would save material sums. But of course, this is the trade-off of letting others do things and make mistakes.e]]

I know I need to let them fail and learn on their own for longstanding effectivness. I just hope that she will be able to deal with these arrangements as the yeasr go by. It's a big load off my when I don't need to waste around making familial plans when I ought be at work,. I just don't want to throw too much on her to the point where she feels like "a man" doing too much planning work.


I'm learning to oreach out and trust poeple. This extra hotel along the trip was her  idea, and she took ownership of it from the start. THat's the kind of enviorment I want to pfoster and grow, ebcause I think it lets her stay in the isolated femanine frame while still taking material actions towards common pleasures. 

### Ender Inceintives

I've just thought and seen too much of that housewife btich who just spends teh money and on and on. I'vm very thankful Kay,a isnt kike that , I mean we're literally spending her money and she still consults me deepl y on these things, includign with deference. I'm just thankful to be able to keep everyhting above water and joyous for us. 

She's good, adn I'm thaknful we have each other. eI appreaciete her soft wouch every morning , and how she always squeees me in our slumbers. We've got a fun trip to look forward to now that she's configuring each tiems, adn I rreally apprecaite tat. Sometimes the pressue of orgnaizing everything can get insurmountable upon choice resistance. Hopefully I can help remove this from her by not questioning any of the things we do adn by acting like a man wherever we go. That means abundance at restarunts, and open plliy for any shopping excursions. 

Ahh great, now I feel like one oft hose ass old guys buying their wife a ton of crap. But she does the same for me. It's a hard, wierd feeling ,adn I just want to enoy it with my time we have together.

Wahat I should really do is chatwith Corey Wayne one of these days. A coach like that could save me the hours of renmumerting on these items imself and without as much experience. I wish there were coaches like that in the main work items I strive towards. But at least these simple earthyl  lthings ought do. ]

I just want things to work out well for everythone, and I know that means less time to relfect or interact with the ocmmuntiy. At least, in principle, every second away from the diect work items touches a mass of unhelped investors. It's my grateful repsonsabilty to get this right for them in the next four years.

Well thenm , now it is. The goal is so clear now. I see the path laying right ahead.
