I'm looking forward to a reflection day to really unwind once I get this comment in to the new Administration. I'm very thankful for their friendliness towards everything we work on. Recently the Rand ideas of always needing permission from people who deal in favors comes to mind. Sometimes I see those parallels, and I sincerely appreciate that her work can help me learn and grow so that we can all find the most efficient economic system.

K made some yummy chickpea pasta today, and I'm so thankful to see her smiling. I also get messages from other family members, and I appreciate them all. It feels nice to be out on my own pursuing my ends, especially now that I have the full and uncompromised support of the community.

I'm thankful for my never-ending attention to details, a skill that just keeps serving me in covering all my bases as we build such a socially important system. I love and appreciate how I always take one venture into its next logical component to grow into the person I am today. More and more, I see my role as a transformation leader of sorts, enabling masses of people to independently act as their own best agent to build the most efficient global society.

I'm glad we have peace and collaboration so this vision can materialize. I love wide swaths of other people so dearly, and I really appreciate how intimately we'll all be able to connect when the world uncovers a collaborative trade system. It feels nice to know that I can just wake up and do tangible active work with others online getting towards this goal. I get to enjoy freedom and independence anytime I want, albeit with the support of Kayla. I'm so glad we're together, making things work. So happy to have the work community. And so thankful for the network.

Love it all, accept myself, and accept others as they grow.
