I'm very thankful for the music that's brought me to where I am today in life. It has really helped me through the tough times when I had no one else to turn to. These artists will presently have zero clue how much their work helped me, and I sincerely can't thank them enough.

- K came home today after I passed out thanks to an action-packed day at work given the new IRS approval news. She was so sweet and always a cute, thoughtful baby, given shaving today – fn! Also enjoying all her cute Asian China things; always interesting to think about (perhaps a little too much).

World's changing quickly, and I'm so thankful we're here at the crossroads. Love the chance to relax and comprehend everyone's perspectives, and excited to keep working towards maximal effective policy.

It takes time, and I'm so thankful for the family and community alongside my every step, especially at home. I'm also sincerely appreciating the new move to abundance, which includes finally a little release on the tight grip I've held towards perfection. Interestingly, I've found those tendencies to live only in the mindset that there is some lacking.

But now I know that everything is simply ready and there for the taking thanks to its magnificent abundance. One downstream effect from this is that I can finally and appreciatively write and act otherwise in reality without such an undying obsession with hitting my "lucky numbers" in the sequencing or other planning of writing or actions. E.g., I've continually written triad paragraphs for practically all last half year, and I now finally feel free to just express my full and impassioned thoughts given the natural flow from which they stem. Sometimes it feels like my whole career is a rough raft, and I just keep iterating now not by making edits, but by continuing the work along more and more refined paths. Love it!
