OK, so I am trying dictating now. I've been dictating for a while on my phone mostly and with ChatGPT a lot because it is pretty fast. I am doing pretty well with Devora and I practiced some more on Apple keyboard today I know a lot of programmers like the Apple keyboards, I for one I've always appreciated the art of mechanical keyboards, and I'm just trying to understand the differences on the pressure in the actuation. I'm excited for next month, when I will set up my real Huntsman keyboard and try low act threshold Dvořák on homeroom because I think it's gonna give me a much better understanding of just what will work best for me. It's kind of weird dictating like this because I don't exactly have the same confidence in taking my time to think out particular words or narratives of phrasing but it's also a nice little relaxation. I know I didn't write much this week but I had a really really productive week definitely one thing I've noticed just being as close to by myself as I've been in a while it definitely even with more family members here I'm more emotionally isolated and and it's just it's been nice because I don't have a problem telling my mom, too you know you know what I think what I'd say is that in the past I just have never really set boundaries before I've never had to. I was sort of like a kid that just ate anything and that's exactly how it was growing up. I just ate every single piece of food available until I learned about calories in the ninth grade health class and then you know I started caring about my health and realizing I didn't even I mean it sounds silly, but I didn't even realize like how what you ate affected your body, which was the only way that I could really see my health because I was so big and and then I started you know I didn't eat sugar for half a year and I just focus unhealthy food a lot of spinach a lot of meat and it changed my life. Completely changed my lif well now I'm sort of doing that with boundaries. I think I've probably set the first real boundary ever in our relationship, a couple months or a couple weeks ago I left and then what I know for sure is that when I got back from Switzerland, you know I said I wouldn't do a call which was like it was pretty big. I've never never never really taken my own space and you know I have ignored her text and things when I got busy, but you know she would always come home at the end of the night and this is really the first time I've Ever like just intentionally only cared about myself and I think Randy gave me a lot of permission to do that I really did feel the journey. The goal expresses earlier this year whenever the one was pounding so hard and particularly when she sort of forced the door and during the review, it was just it was a challenging time and I'm past it now and I I just know that this is what I needed to write the deck stocks because I was not in a place where I could be at all one with a free market and I am now so I appreciate that to say the least on it but yeah, it was a good work week. I got pretty stressed and pressure during some of the coding just because right now the coding is a little bit of a remnant of me doing a lot of things to be politically savvy and now that I've shaved away the relationship I'm also shaving those aspects away. I don't have to perform as much for the commission, thank God for the leeway that they've given me it really has been nice and giving me the room to make some of these more important life choices, which I really just appreciate so much. I've been able to start talking to people again and I'm doing very good job at it because everything is not being drained into this pit so to speak and it feels surprisingly good you know I only remember in terms of socializing and talking to people, I only remember highlights from the marketing days and how intense and forceful in particularly dominant things where and it's not like that anymore. It's actually legitimately felt good for for a couple weeks now talking to like normal people and then there's hard things and I get headaches and I crash out when people do politics for too long and I've you know I actually done a pretty good job learning to walk away from those conversations and just take time and watch a lot of tamers. I mean all the pony stuff really I've done intentionally and I even last this Friday when stuff got to an extreme I just took a half hour in the middle of the workday to catch up on the new tamers unofficial clip and it was. It was so refreshing and rejuvenating. It's what she used to be and it feels absolutely amazing to find that again and find something that clicks emotionally I just I've never it's been. It's been so so long since I had this, and and you know, I really did forget what it felt like after doing all the things for the book and the courses. I didn't even remember it was possible b man that weekend in Milwaukee just reminded me of in such a amazing way it really was unbelievable so I've been very very thankful for that and I've for the first time really in a decade. I've started to actually appreciate intentionally putting joy in my life for the sole purpose of being joy and not have any productive and you know I took an easy day today. I still think about all the things at work and I'm might've made a little I always have opportunities to improve and the stuff is getting high-level which you know I'm excited about I think it's fun by them really for the first time I decided to intentionally put joy in the live my own life and stop putting everything on hold, which is sca but it's feels so right and I really like the friends that I found so far and I well you know one of the reasons I stuck with it for so so long on top of just loyalty was that I didn't think I wanted to or deserved to spend my 20s you know actually like having fun at all because the mission was so big, but I've taken the mission so far and I need other peoples help now it's really so much more than m and I'm almost I mean I'm almost freaking halfway done with it with this time and I just can't live for other people like this anymore. I'll take the path that's right for me because because nothing because I heart on my sleep because I will take the pass right for me. Things are getting simpler and I am in a way departing from the rudimentary Hill philosophy and a lot of the pseudo control stuff that cut my head is so high and stressed on trying to signal and manifest everything perfectly in my life. This has been probably the first week ever at least since I was 16 that I didn't read my goals in my head twice a day and a one handed here but on the other, it's never really felt more free to just do what is right I know now what I care about in the output that matters and I'm pretty fucking sick of measuring it up against what other people think the value or turn assets should be I just think for the first time along time back to authoring things away that I alone believe they should be without any pressure in any directions and I just know that I can do it no matter what happens because I'm a fucking masculine guy with this vision and it's what I've wanted for as long as I remember, and it is certainly what everything that I can remember is set me up for I still think of how had those training markets and team fortress and it was just the most exciting thing in my life and I wanna get I want it. I want the world to experience what a real market feels like because we just don't have that today and I know they did the most beautiful thing in the world whether it is the price of goods and services of the allocation of labor I'm going trying to finish the Edison and run book tonight and it's so very clear how the change in payment systems and the presumptions around money led to these drastic changes in public perception of the ownership of the methods of production and of itself and it's a little freaking insane how far we are from the path that's proven itself and how deep down this rabbit hole we are of seating control to very small groups of people that run the financial system and when seed itself goes bust, everything will be up for grabs and I can't think of a more fun and exciting thing than to be the one who really takes it by the horns there? I watched the 2008 remake of the day of the Earth. That's still the day with mom, which was really fun and they kinda end on the premise that change comes in a moment of crisis Well, I'm definitely in that place or if there's gonna be a metamorphosis I'm working towards it as best I can now so I don't know things are falling into place and I certainly have my views on the market a night and I also have my intuition in my values. I don't think I've ever felt my value so clearly before they've I've really cemented this last year and I guess I just have to rip a couple of Band-Aids off to finish the process and then I'll be me without any other crap and and I'll be able to make things happen on my own pizza Tony I was meant to.
