And so many things I want to write.

I'm trying typing on my phone voice this time.

I wish I had more time all the time to bring things to the world, and one of the reasons that I don't is because of my personal entanglements, and that sucks. It sucks a lot. I want to give time. I like giving time to my family, and I remember what it was like to only be trading and to be lonely. But even when I was in that place, it was really self-created during polyphasic because I did sincerely have family then, and it was just not helpful at all. I've never really had an authorship over the relationships in my life and sort of fell into things, whether it was circumstance from Charlotte or something more indirect like the algorithm on Tinder plus the dating pool, I suppose. And that was, I don't know, it was something that I think back on a lot these last couple weeks because it's just not real, but it is reopened. It's not real. And anyway, I just wish all that was over and I had things taken care of. It should get easier in the next couple weeks, but it's pretty rough right now. I got some good code done today, and I am very thankful for that. I am going to give the Foundation a little Christmas gift with the meetings fix-off, which I think is very, very long overdue. Also, I took the pirate ship out of the closet and rebuilt it at the dinner table of Mom, and that was really fun to do together. And I played on Pony Town again and met a couple nice friends. They were both gay and so very enjoyable to talk to. I am having a lot of fun talking to people in the fandom, and it's really refreshing because I outsourced so very much my emotional intake, like just dealing with things, to her. We had a call today that was 21 minutes, and I did a good job setting boundaries, and she was really emotional and said a lot of really sweet things. And it's all just been hard because she has tried so very hard, and it's just like I said months ago, I just don't see how it supports my goals anymore. Goals that meant so much growing up, and now they feel almost distant. I know, I know with all my heart that I will need to face DTC in the coming months, and I'm just trying to figure out what the right setup is for me because I cannot NOT not have this all confusing me when that happens. I really, really need to feed them even deeper and my own self-sustainability because the caffeine adrenaline just wouldn't give me the breadth of historical basis that I need to really execute a killshot.

I was inspired by the artist that said they'd rather die than stop painting and drawing, and I just thought that was the most poetic thing I ever heard in my life, that they found their soul and could be themselves. I want that, and I want to give to that. I want to make that work for my life.

Started to just kind of accept my own feelings, which is nice. I don't need to justify them to anyone. I can just be me.
