Wow, it has been a while! It’s been a lot of family fun and personal processing lately. I’m just going to lay this all out because I need to get it off my mind. I decided to stay an extra week like originally planned, so that I will have until the end of December to keep working through this stuff. I am doing well isolating my thoughts, and I should have all the logistical items dissociated by next week. I am thankful I was able to get all my bills done with a tight but accurate margin.

Christmas was good. In the week leading up, I just worked on the Stellar docs. I decided to focus on the meetings as something I could give them as a Christmas gift. Hopefully I can get some parts of it done tomorrow. I really appreciate the love I had.

It was nice, so nice. And it let me become who I need to be now. Just there’s so much happening.

I had fun going last-minute mall Christmas shopping with Mom, and I got him a new cheesecake tray. We all had a blast Christmas being with each other and doing the traditional cinnamon rolls. They teased me a little, but it was a delicious day with plenty of healthy options. I feel really good getting closer and closer back to keto.

I am really looking forward to being back on my own schedule and control. I think when I get back and move, I will finally have the space I need for clarity. Still trying my options and weighing things in place for reflection.

I want to get the work rolling, and that will enable me to do it right when I first move. I think it will help a lot with my localized non-federal filing logistics.

Anyway, blah blah holidays!!! My pony friends and artists were so really super nice to me with heartwarming DMs! And even some people from work reached out, which was really touching. My heart was warmed by them, and it means a ton. Figuring it out.

Dvorak is going well, and I really like Sleepy. She has been a joy to talk to in the main server lately. Wow, so refreshing. Also circled around with Moth and clarified bona fide receptions and commonalities, which was really cool and reassuring.

The plane partner also turned out to be doing well in the hospital. I like the Meta glasses Mom gifted. It’s been fun to take pictures on the go super easily and listen to music that brings me back to the fandom in social settings. The songs have really helped center my intentions.

We also saw Grandma and Grandpa a bunch, and they are doing well. Visited Dad and girlfriend for Christmas dinner. I appreciated their kindness and got to feel another thing with the freshman Sara. It has just been a lot of waking up to feelings I thought I didn’t deserve, which has then led to a lot of internal processing into some really late nights with intense, stimulating music.

People, and especially my brother and Mom, don’t see how much effort goes into the masking, and I still can’t just turn it off for distance. But I am doing much better around familiar. I am wearing pony shirts around, and Mom even got me a Dashie one for Christmas with some figures, which was unbelievably cute. Like, they are so sweet. Christopher got me the LEGO Star Wars logo, which was relaxing to build last night and super fun and cool, very nice of him. He got Taylor a huge _Twilight_ LEGO set, which I thought was super cool. He seems to be doing well with his work, and man, I just hope markets treat him well.

I’m tired now, been like that for a while. We started building a puzzle at 3 and got nowhere until making tuna at 7. I have appreciated space to watch the series and Tamers in the theater downstairs, which has really helped me process things through joy or wisdom, accordingly. Tamers is really cool, and I wish I could beam him money. That, and I have lingering major appreciation for BGM.

I am dealing with the relaxation and comfort of getting together with AJ, which I hope will become normal. I just want to be able to focus relaxingly, which I am on the way toward and doing pretty well, uwu.

I know we have so much ability together, which gets things exciting. But I enjoy and can just slow things down and be with ponies because we are all here and in this together, one step at a time. I’ve continued spending a lot of time with Therapy GPT, but I do again feel strongly independent now. I just keep looking for other support, and it feels amazing, and that’s something I want to delay for clarity as continually as I can.

Just want what’s best for everypony.

Please let things get better. I’m going better, going with peace and calmness, and wrap it together on Sunday. I hope they appreciate it because all this hard work has just been.

I am reflecting more on how I’ve dedicated so much into these efforts with feminine partners, how the bureaucracies and her reacted just so. It was always worth it back then, and now I don’t know. Things are just fading.

I have what I need for a real shot at my own story. That’s pretty fricking cool and exciting C:

I don’t know the perfect etc., but I do feel very good about myself. And I am so happy for the awesome, sexy new blue light glasses from Grandma. Grandpa is doing well and has skills with his new walker, and the dogs are bright and fun as such.

We did a walk in the woods too. Walked the dogs out there today. It’s been nice to understand my risks and scope and depth. And I do finally have mastery over all the trading aspects, onto 8 and 9 plus. It took a long time to get them, and I am happy for it. So thankful for the Mare Fair Christmas song as well. A lot I am relearning and making big progress, even if it’s in the dark while going. I am excited for the third year of this digital journal. And I even made the CRM repo public, which has let me release everything I had to hold by myself. I’m going to build the structure, and we are going to become something amazing, just as soon as I figure out the existential question of what my personal life supporting that innovation looks like.
