These last few days I've been working hard and finding time for myself and family at night. Today I spoke a lot with Chives, based on about three hours of walking prep with stress output. I am really thankful to have these friends at work.

I am getting to lean into my friendships now in a way I didn't get to fully appreciate when I had more distractions and money. I get to see us all together walking towards the destination, and it's a really good feeling. I am truly here because of my friends and the support and confidence they share with me.

I watched the _Bruce Almighty_ and _Evan Almighty_ movies at night these last two days. They really woke me up to the great fortunes I've been gifted again and again by life.

I came to the conclusion that there are two ends of the "God or historic self-minded subconscious decentralized you-are-god worldview." And they both lead to the same ends of praying towards yourself. So I like using it as a heuristic now and have been confiding in that source as much as I could.

Today really was a big self-realization one because I let go of all the past bonds I'd held to being accepted by not only Wall Street but also Washington. I put into the CME FOIA and spoke my way up about the corruption like I did with DTCC two years ago. I am ready to separate into my own life now that I have my independence again.

That manifested too in receiving the mock Prince drawing and fully committing to pony posts which are now picking up traction on X.

It feels good to begin and keep exploring that community. To meet new people who I get to call loving friends. I am just thankful and excited to find them.

I don't know what perfect future will hold, but I am very glad to be with my friends on the Stellar side too. The world has been kind to me even as I scanned its dark pits, and I will repay that by building from within to create the ideal we need. I just pray I'll keep receiving the opportunities to take responsibility and expand the mission.

Working on the share donation to cement all this in place. And I've finally mastered the complexities of the number 8. I am moving on to 49+ and finally feel like I'm on the other side.

I can see so clearly the full spectrum of working complexities now, and I really appreciate that clarity. We are all getting to a much better place — I hope lol. At the least I have found my heart and soul again and can now independently value them as I'm fueled towards success.
