So yeah in case it wasn’t obvious I'm working through some identity stuff right now! Lol it has been such a last few months making everything piece together, largely with the support of formative art like early animes and most significantly MLP. I’ve been rewatching and I'm midway through S4 where things start to get into the newer-ish writing style.

Up to the S3 finale was really the transformative point for me in realizing that I needed something greater. And then the death scene from SAO S1 was just like wow, I don’t have that. And I do want it very much.

So here I am all alone trying to put the puzzle back together. It's a very light and airy feeling which I appreciate greatly. Sometimes I feel like it could go on forever.

The work

The music

The expression

I had a very nice walk in the woods before the podcast this week. It mattered a lot because I had _Tavi Swing_ on for quite a time just dissociating from the past life and trajectory I set. Clearly it was not getting me substantially closer to my goals.

I withheld the equity all these years for one reason, and now it's time to execute that vision. Lol it makes my stomach churn just contemplating what I'm about to do.

In another sense, I've come to appreciate just how little everything I am matters right this very moment. Save for the select few I've grown close with this last year, and obviously the longstanding DRS relationships. Like I used to have this irrational fear of retaliation from Wall Street physically, which strangely was actually shared amongst longtime contributors.

But I have found sincere peace in living on my own terms lately, with a comprehension that that's really just not how the world works. This will be a long and protracted war fought without any attributed reminiscent of battle. It's hundred-page comment letters versus hundred-page comment letters over and over for potentially decades.

That kind of longstandingness was unexpected to my younger mind, especially in an environment that was so hostile to blockchain. I always thought there'd be this big and fast glow up to skyrocket me to the 7 billion, and that's just not the case.

Thus if we take this slower longer view, my support system outside work becomes much more important. Because I've seen now just how much it can take. Admittedly in a limited environment of holding everything on my shoulders.

Notwithstanding, even with reduced workload, I will no longer settle for a life of black and grey. I do deserve color and perfection realized by attaining what I want most in my heart. I'm thankful for the renewed opportunity to figure out what that is to me again.

These months have given me exceptional time to figure out who I am, and particularly I've had the fortune of examining every dark crevasse previously hidden away under a decade of masking. It's not worth living that life anymore, even though I can slip into politicking from time to time still these last couple days. I just want to express me because I know now that people do want and enjoy the real me even if they have no clue.

I'll be the magnet I should have been in college. I'll be myself because there's no other possible reality that stays viable for the rest of these years. And I'll stay myself because this mission deserves no less capable leadership.
