I;m very thankfulfor the loving relationships I get to surround myself with constatnlyy, I've been thinking back to that time in November last year when I felt the ened to dive back into mlp r34 (I'll at least try to keep dialogue here child-ish-friendly i suppose, but you shouldn't expect religious cleanliness). I suppose there was some kind of disconnect on the intimacy side then, whcich for just a day ortwo led me back down that old comfort.

She was really happ when we got back from Vegas, and suprise suprise she loved and wanted and had to find some special prada purse while I was working lol. one thing I've always lved about her was a complete and total disconnect and disdain over my ow personal finances. It was years until she even asjed me anything related direcrly to the sort, and she's alsways been more than geneous with all our interlactions. Lol, the other day, her sexy heart gem nails swiped across my laptop screen while we were sitting together, leaving a little hairline make. She offered to replace the whole thing - and that's happened plently of times before!

It's nice that she has an income and sustaining early career work nice, and I realyl appreciate her unilateral support in making homelife work. But I know since we started it all she's always just wanted to be free to be herself back at gome without the burderns of labor, And I've laways just wanted to make that happene above and beyond any other arrangements because the Pareto principle dictates that my own results are plenty for our contributions to society.

This week so far has been an awesome time leaving Tues to explore Keystone with Chives. Was pretty awesome getting picked up from th iarport and chatting our way out to the slopes, where he went down with his second ever adventure on skis. K was also pretty awesome giving me a quickie out hte door on the couch , inititiated as I was just on the edge of finishing my work on the SYndicate financial s at my standing desk (and she ... went down udner).

God that was hot. 

Anyway , lots of really nice cvonversation on the way out and during skiing. We did some runs togehter and then i went towards the back's black bowls of-sorts. Then we spent the night togehterh at a hotel and went to the DUNA meeting together, whichw was a fun thing I hope helps foster community connectiveness.

Next morning, we went on a nice walk along a rier .Just walking about work stuff, which honestly I've never had the chance to deeply do with anyone like this before. eI t was enjoyable, especially learning more about other ocmmunity memerbs.

I still super appreciate all the incredible efficiencies we share working online and enjoying the mission together. But yeah I think this and the whole concept of live connections in general can be super helpful. I'll defer much much more to interpesrsonal trips between small groups collctively going out for some kadvertnture, rather than one huge central organized excusrsion or event for literally everyone at once. 

I just appreciate much more dearly the intimarcy in deepening existing relationshps keeping everyone on the same conversational ground, as large events can lend themselves to stage speaking. Thus we have introduced hierarchy not found in common group excursions with shared enjoyment in some collective action. Alebit, I;ll probably need to think more about what works well for everyone vis-a-vi Chive's material injuries (but he's ok lol) both on and off the slopss .

I appreciate the flexability remote work ives me to flip around and continue this adventure with Dad out in Vail county area. I also deeply appreciate the undeying inner fire continually guiding me towards meaningful labor and decentralized solutions. I;ve seen those both so strongly as we discssed sentiments, goals, and values these last few dayse-- just a whole lot of incredivle potential just waiting out there!
