K did a double on Wednesday where she worked from like 8 p.m. to 8 a.m., and it was really crazy. Then she was up for over four hours when she went back into work for a first-shift retirement party. Wo—and then she was staying up late again last night to get back on her normal sleep schedule after a super long time living off Monster energy drinks.

She's so dedicated and just an incredible person, and has been so awesome lately when I said I needed some time to get ready for marriage given she's only the second person I've been with. It's just been a big adjusting step—one which I'm sure would've come much earlier if we got that original SCF grant—moving towards complete commitment.

I suppose it's been a couple of weeks, in which time I took a ski trip out to see Chives, which was later commandeered by Dad. We spent that full weekend into Tuesday after St. Patrick's together, and I'll be back to see him in FL to scuba next week. K commented, and I agree, that I'm barely getting any time to do actual work, which feels a lot like college.

I'm done trying to keep satisfying my parents and give into easy fun activities just because they'd otherwise be expensive to do independently. And I fucking mean that for these damn credit-card and bank offers too, the former shift being the larger immediate development after K's Amex crap.

Also been thinking these times off have been taking the place of real reflection days, which is nice in a relaxing sense but negative for my growth. This want to keep to extensively planned short-burst family trips via the master artist K, and just let the rest focus around explicit short-term holiday travel.

I'm not sure where that leaves Dad, but I love the guy and I'm sure he'll figure it out. Challenge is that I have a hard time saying no to requests to go do things, and so I just really hope he finds more things to do by himself or with all the friends.

For instance, we had dinner with the Christmas-tree farmer Chris, who told us cool stories like the time his neighbor accidentally burned down 2500 young trees. He had a good dozen of friends like that, and so I believe in his ability to entertain himself, which I need to understand isn't my job.

Excited for a date night with K out to a hockey game tonight—something she's been interested in forever. And thankful for all the recent community support for blocktransfer going up to the annual meeting. God I just want to get the open-source sites up and going ASAP.

Also very thankful for Ken, who sent an incredible referral over which seems to carry its weight in palladium. I'm more and more convinced in the cyclicality of just giving everything I can across the free public community forums, and again just so glad to have this support network and decentralized efforts en masse.
