Pretty crazy day yesterday after the reflection, which was followed by a chat with Hunter from the Stellar community. Sometimes when I have really good chats with people, I can lose a grip on my workflow afterward, trembling back toward music binges as motivational tools. It's interesting because it just takes a lot from my levels to speak—especially with strangers about actual interpersonal topics (with a focus on them).

I appreciated the Cutco experience growing up, where I first saw this in action at a full-on scale. It was a great chance to understand the nuances of interdependent referral sales channels and self-assigned working systems. Here I am on the verge of something like that again as I need to attract more and more people to work on TAD3 and the Syndicate.

I appreciate the example of Vivziepop as showing me—outside of Newell—the quandaries of a single figurehead. It's really interesting to contrast the undercapitalization of one group with the overcapitalization of the other, stemming most interestingly from proprietary software. I'm getting to the point where I'll ultimately turn everything over to the community, and it's a big step!

I said the same to Kayla about marriage the other day, and she took pause from it. (In the relationship context.) I guess I have a lot that I'll be putting on the line relatively soon, and honestly it's sort of invigorating because it's one of the few actions I’ve got left. There's just so much that needs to happen, and I can’t think of any other traction avenues I have control over.

It’s been so many years now, and truly there are always so many exciting things to do—exciting things which haven’t happened yet because of the present single bottleneck in advancing action: myself.

Last night we got to celebrate the end of a glorious day by going to dinner in downtown Cincy before enjoying a hockey game full of fire, fights, and fast goals. K was so happy on the way back getting ice cream and then passing out on the couch, and I just want to have that satisfaction of a joint collective working seamlessly with all the apes best able to develop.
