Had a really late night yesterday which was relatively crazy after the Syndicate annual meeting. Things are really starting to come together with people trying to give the company money, which is pretty damn cool! Honestly if I just went the lazy route and set things up with hot keys, it would be pretty simple to start selling hardcore private market services.

Now that I'm out of fiat, I'm starting to think a lot about turning the business into a business; really charging and making deals happen automatically. If we got just those couple things set up, then it could turn into virtually an automatic revenue machine serving issuers and investors. Some funds flowing through in any sense probably only helps my cases for actually having ongoing development for the core services needed by the whole market.

---

I'm thankful for the simple workload I’ve created for myself, crafting my life around my long-term goal. It's been so fulfilling retrospectively to know that we’re on this meaningful path of progress. And I really appreciated everyone showing up in spades yesterday to fuel an inspired conversation.

Lately I’ve been getting back into implementing things, and particularly I’ve uncovered a renewed focus on just continually getting things done bar none. It’s just largely meant focusing on exclusively one thing to do at a time, and then doing that until it’s done. No excuses, no distractions. And if it takes a while like some key work today, then I just keep going until it’s done.

I like it and I renewingly committed to just continually finishing everything I start because it’s better to have the legacy background context out there and done over lamenting for far too long while it sits on the backburner. Happen or do not happen, there is no back-stack.
