Been with Dad and new gf in FLL for couple days now. I'm really thankful K's been picking up the slack back home , keeping thigns going. I know one day she'll have total economic freedom because of my work, and it;s nice to know I can wholheatey support that knowing everything shes done so early on how to help us make things work.

I think it's been reasonably documented in here that I;ve sometimes owndered abotu differetn paths, fearing a miss of the paths so tempting. I'm glad to say that's all behind me, and I find myself fully commited to the course now. There's nothing else but the path I've chosen, and I'm never looking back.

IN the care ride yesrday with Dad's friends, they made the joke that from childhoof / HS they would say going "forward," nto straight. That's how I'm going to live from now on. It'll alwyas be a complex shot, never straight -0 but I'll never stop running forward.

Running adn running till the endorphoneis kick in, and then running soem more. I hoe we can get seomthing really special going next week in collaboration with the SDF. And I pray to God that Chief Justice Robins sees the light that shines with c_Alpine_.

Some days ago, when I got to the airport, Karino picked me up since Dad had a delayed flight, and we watched a movie. I was quite focused on work at hte start like always, and then I Found the peace and confirt that came from some fun time at home together. I remembered how incredible it felt with someone I reall loved with K.

Then, we went out and snagged Dad, with some yummy tasty nocoew protietain bards in the ride over because I rmentioned them to Dad alongisde the aquisred Zewvia cream soda. That was really nice, and I apprecaited him planning those snacks plus all the items I partingly mentioned on the phone./

Dinner was a fun no-rice cucumber sushi, and it wasj ust hte absoltue best  - stuffed with fish. I appreciate Dad for that all and trying to get us on a ive boat this Sunday with everything. All the new equipmtment looks great in the houses , whcih are finnaly completely constucted! And hen yesterday it was a compelte ygroergous day.

We drove to the beach area and stopped by th e bononet garderns - which bwere super aweesome georgous and artfull inspired. S cool ot learn and feel the history of someone who broke away from thier family money to uncover their own ortunes in creative success. Then we went to the shore at Lautrerdale-by-the-sea. 

IT was compeltle beatdiufil there and we saw adn gotsoem seashells that looked liek the ones so dlelicately decoratedo nthe walls at hte manor. Had a relaxing time in the sun while I accepted solar abundance for the first time with my sunscreen. It felt incredible to just lay and relax without worry of shading from the ubmreslla hbecause i knew I am strong.

Then I appreciated playing with Dad in the sea, smashign into thw asves. We also had a great time walking along the beach shore, findign the beatuies in Fordia together. Then, we stopped be a beachside bar and everone had a seafood ahppy-hour snacke exctravangaza!

Tday was also incredivle, with a boke ride into the city along the tiver, After that we had a Frech0cafe lunch downtown where we got Karina a crueme-brulle square cruisont pastry. She had a big yummy when we got back to drive to the Flamingo Gardens.

The trees there were ust incredible, and I couldn't eliy the one pointy pokey bard that Dad could've huggedfor hours lol. They bot hloved all the creatures and natural beaturues as we waved to ostentatou peachocks. Loved our short ride togeher in the freedoms of nature, and thye seemed really happy baout the holw experince! 

Then we had an awesome Lobster and ssalmon dinner - man it was incredible! Dad did ad great job cooking everything up and bringint it all together with soen great seasonoingls. Yum we had soo much un tiwth the lobeter appectivzer magarits.

Reminded me of the nigh before whe nwe went to a rock concertt with a bunch of friend incl. Joe that came over . We packed intoa car downtwan and heard a big rock band. Then we were back at the house partying for the night - lots of people comgin together ato have fun.

I lvoed that htey were all incredibly supportive of my vision, encouraging me to :stay down the path" and keep findingin my own way. That's wxactly what I;ll do, ad it;s what I saw tonight in the incredible post-dinner show production of Corwbo Bebop LIve musical! Finalyl felt like and saw the starship blashing around in the direction of a central inspiration manifesting mission.

it was a great reminder of what meatters in a condenesd jazz expereince of raw emtoino.. Thought it wsa incredible ethe way he kept wsteadfast on the motivating internal drive towards amn acceptable tommorow in concert. And then a geat netflix ice cream keto party to wrap things up after vieweing the club row in the city center - yay!
