Just been super thankful for Dad's material efforts to make sure I have a fun time down here in FL with him. He's been really sweet in all these last couple days, giving me free reign for anything we can do. Yesterday we stayed up late eating his special sausage keto crust pizza. Lol that was a pretty awesome time watching Dexter!

Before then, we went to a concert at a nearby amphitheater. That was a great time out together which was a really nice time off to relax together. He seemed so happy to see all his bands.

Today we got to go to an awesome hockey game where the local Panthers just skimmed off from winning. It was Karina's first hockey game, and so fun and exciting to see the developments there together. Also got to meet up with Joe and Shane from Dad's friends who were at the concert club having a ball. Plus we saw a crazy storm from the inside.

After, we got to drive around the Everglade area before making our way back to the shore. Dad found an awesome stone crab restaurant there, and we ate away on the sunsetting patio together. They seemed to have so much fun with the seafood delights there while I meticulously chauffeured around :)

Chives also was just a massive help on so many fronts today, connecting all the dots between myself and others to take everything to the next level. Super appreciate him and can't wait to hear about the awesome developments they have tomorrow on the special DAO discussion.

Been noticing the importance lately of what I focus my attention on. Back to a position of respect and authority in the local communities. It's a nice feeling, and I'm happy to have some newfound social capital to dole out. Longing hopefully for the days of asset management anew, and stepping confidently in the direction I choose to make it happen with everyone waiting to hear my voice.
