First day walking around with a seed phrase. It's kind of exhilarating, but mostly fairly normal.

I'm really happy I had the old Kevlar string. What fun days those were. A simple, fun time showing me the magic of secondary markets so early on.

K was pretty awesome today before I left. Ton of deep head on the couch before she just took it right between those spread legs. Mh I know "tone it down" and all but I am just shaking my head right now how good that was.

She's been really cute helping too, since I've been full-sending out this TAR comment. Finally done, and I really can't express how happy I am. So so glad they have it to review.

After the big drive here with pretty mountains, had a nice tea candlelight chat with Mom. She brought up the standard question of what's next for funds etc. So glad to see her now and very thankful we get this chance to bring everyone together for C graduation.

Made me think (so forgive my discussion here of work) but I do want to think.

Biggest thing is that I "asked myself a question", which I think is my id speaking to my superego.

And my id is normally right.

That's why it also made me think about my recent personal proposition. I've been trying to pause and ask myself "why I'm doing something" before I do it. To slow down and make intentional decisions with a local goal in mind. It was really helpful the other day in crafting a community message where I wasn't sure exactly what my impulses were trying to achieve before a very brief pause.

Now that I think about it, that's exactly what I had the chance to do after a grueling edit flow today when communicating with the community. Speaking of, they are really liking this comment :) So thankful for all the serious love they've sent my way in reviewing the doc.

Just been an exceptional few days pounding it all out to the new Dash misc.

As for what's next, I wonder how staff will respond to the questions raised in our exam documentation.

Makes me think about the immediate governance work, whether Syndicate will have separate NQG payment governance than the DUNA investor protections.

Larger item comes from precipice of Astela chat.

I'd prefer the latter. Just such an awesome group op.

Honestly would be the only time in career where I endure the valley.

---

I was thinking today about wealth distribution in the reflective and learning car ride. The beautiful scenery and economic audiobooks got me going. I'm very thankful for the high standard of living we get to enjoy thanks to the immaculate technologies of so many years past.

One that really stuck in my mind was the governance work that went into making all these long routes I drove over. The bridges commanding tower over a riverside railroad track. And the sporadic little homes.

Truly on the shoulders of giants, and I just can.

!remindme perhaps I'll reflect on it once I finish all the governance work setup
