I know it's been literal weeks since last checking in here, and I can really feel it. I miss so earnestly the deep gratitude for those around me granted by this writing solitude. And yet these last weeks of intense central action have shaken me from routine till now.

Thankfully, I am happily back now after a tremendous travelling journey with K. She was so sweet throughout our trip to Vegas while speaking for the last time as Struct Finance corp, a sector I can't wait to see removed from economic extraction.

We really had an incredible time together watching tons of shows like a jousting tournament, VEGAS Show!, and Blue Man Group (me) vs male strippers (her). It was so nice to see her smiling over the locale and shopping fun.

Really thankful for the awesome restaurants we got to enjoy together. God, she loved that Eiffel Tower adventure, and it was so nice.

I savor the days when it was all so much easier, back in school when everyone wanted to throw money at us by the nature of our ages, when we could thoughtlessly spend whole days together in loving bliss without the undying pressures of making rent.

I'm very thankful for her place of fortitude in central organization, and I think so deeply recently as to my positioning in a more distributed world. I see and know quite clearly now that this is the only way towards my goal, and I appreciate so greatly the lack of external financial pressures which afforded me the freedom to uncover so before shareholders had to exert their maximizations upon the Syndicate.

---

The fun time in Vegas was followed by a trip to Trinity for Mardi Gras in New Orleans. We stayed downtown for the first few nights and just had an absolute blast in the epicenter of parades, people, and so much more culture. Loved walking down Bourbon Street and exploring the beignet cafes with K. And took some awesome bike rides around the area to discover beautiful nature.

But none of it as beautiful as my sweet sweet girlfriend who graciously planned out such an incredible initial day with restaurants, an exceptional inner buffet cruise, and so much more along the streetcar routes.

Trinity was awesome and loved meeting with her and boyfriend. New guy we both kinda think looks like Christopher lol.

---

We've been back for almost a week and it's about time to go again for some skiing. I appreciate all this travel around to see people I care about (or explore with them). I also super appreciate our time here at home relaxing. I super appreciated that I was able to take a few hours off today and relax with K for a fun ice-cream and pizza night. She was so sweet to set that up today plus an exciting Disney dinner date night yesterday for The Incredibles.

We had exceptional steak together from the Costco run after travel but before the DRS DAO meeting she enjoyed with me.

Love and appreciate her support of my work.

---

Maybe one day it'll all be easier. I'm still thinking so deeply about how I'll likely need to use explicit capitalistic rewards to incentivize the masses to join us. I hope we can keep it as retroactive and decentralized through inspiration as possible.

K was so sweet lately and today, continually bringing up marriage. Love her so much and glad we have this opportunity to make our own life together. We were two goofballs walking around everywhere in Vegas, until the last day when we bussed around.

The first place we went was the claw adventure K discovered. It was after the awesome shopping malls at Wynn and the convention area, plus an unbelievable buffet at Caesar's. It was what K wanted to enjoy so greatly, and I'm super satisfied still from the wholesome meal we enjoyed together. Lol, when they brought out the fresh crab, K snagged two full plates of it for me <3 :)

We had so much leftover that I took it away in a little cup and ate it up until we walked ourselves past the bus stop to the ice rink. I know it's something she wanted to do, and it was right next to her special donut place. We walked there, and I saw her face light up like a lightbulb as we got her crème brûlée donut. So much fun enjoying that together before our trip to the funny vagina gift shop on the strip. And then an unforgettable view from the huge tower overlooking all of Vegas from the sky, while K had her yummy bar mac-and-cheese.

---

The parades together were just incredible. So fun to have us both grabbing at the silly beads. And to see her enjoying herself and the food. Her southern accent came out for a moment, and I found it unbelievably cute.
