Just a couple more nights itll back home2, and I've been thinking a lot about future life with wife and such. Atl east htats how aunt patty and everone else sees it lol. She's only hte scecond woman I've been with, but dmn is it better mby a kandsclisde than that first one inb ed.

I know there are these kinda taboos and such, not tom ention social resposability around talking about the seces like this. I have been especially thinking about the "role" women used to play in societies much more planned out by mean, seemingly to often minimize any resistance to complete domoinance by mean (and s=thus easy sexual access). That sounds kinda wierd, but I think the viepoint makes esens in the datedp erspective of men doing most of sicoeity's wprk while the woman is by and large a cheelreader from the home ed. POV.

I totally get that there are a lot of eople who are females that don't fall into that categorization today, by means of a unique uprising or another factor. But thankfully K certainly falls into the fomre goruop as dicsussed and know in re just wanting to be a stay at home mom. And i think that's pretty fucking hot because what;s the point of having two poeple work when one of them is a billionaire, like that's just stupic.

Anway Eit's been an on and off thing for me debating beteween all the paths that could have been, and particualrly all the women I ignored after starting to date Kayla and such. I recall this one girl who wolds a petite blande with some fiarly humeous braces - she just wouldn't stop trying ot take me out at Tech. Franky quite a few like that, and yet I am so very presentl ythaknful for the clarity and focus emmergant in my steadfast pasth down this one relatinoship.

Perhaps there is always a natural "beta" dtendancy to look back at paths not taken, to wonder if perhaps just one splinter a ways back would yield some materially-different present reality. But to live like that would be embracing comprehensive wishy-washing indeterminism, hwich ultimately leads to a life of squalor and irrelevant avergageness. And ofc thats not a path worth adventuring down, compared to m present and empassioned missionary trailbrlaze.

It was humeous for me to compare this ethos, so viemently shamed by Brusnon, with his singular satement of finding your wife in college , to all other ends. I wonder how his relationship will manage in a small sense, but by and large I see a prudent and happy family with nothing but the greatest joys coming up ahead. When considering my life's timeframe, that can get to my head quite easrily.

To think that I will certainly outlive K makes me wonder about the phase to dollow, alonsigide the number of kin I enjoy and leave. I always thought lots of kids - at least 7 - in an effort to personally give my all to spreading abunadance. But K only wants 2 or 3, which is interesting given I will ahve so much time after her should I want to procreate further later. 

It's quite thoughtfulsome to consider K's claimed early childhood developments (i'm jsut not familiar enoght wilth how all that works) and how it could lead to her premative lack of fertility and thus demise by homonal selection, if I understand the science correctly. And thus I'm left with these questionainign future insighs as to both my immediarte familair plans and ofc later pleasures. Much of this stemmed from watching _Pretty Woman_ for the first itme with Mom and Aunt P the last night; seeing so clearly the impact a wealthy life which I will soon achieve migh have on the eaverage woman of sorts.

That's one thing I absolutely love about K - that I know it by and large will be the onyl relationship I enjoy which is provably not engrossed in monetary interests, as can so commonly corrupt the bonds betwee n a man and a owman. The lack of mairrage from Musk ring true ot these observations on a surfce level. i just know that right now I need stability in quite a few ways, as I've enkyed fpr years from her, and ideally that can continue transformingin me into my most productive self at any ego-indulgent cost
