I probably shouldn't be writing this late, but I've just been so thankful since yesterday. I had another bananas session diving really hard into emotional realizations over some old music. I'm trying to take more care in these personal outbreaks so to speak, but man they are just so revealing—as if the universe is speaking directly to me.

So glad for the guiding light of my goals, which were randomly highlighted by Heisman interview. Saw it since just got back to CLT and Grandpa picked me up from the airport since Mom and Chris went to work party. Had a blast talking with them along the ride and at their home waiting.

Today was a big awakening for me in terms of abundance. Maybe related to K cashing all her parents' savings bonds, seeing things there was nice, but I felt it more the night before. Saw in Red One that there are really respectful social implications for smarts.

It feels so incredible to know that I have enough. So magic to feel wholeheartedly that in my life exists plenty. And I finally feel it in my health, relationships, and money.

I know I preached this abundance years ago. And man what an impact it had. Now I'm just so very thankful that its blessings have entered my conscious.

It really just feels absolutely incredible to know that everything will be alright. Not only alright but awesome. I even bought myself some chamomile tea bags at Dunkin!

I'm so glad this is private, because it gives me a moment to just think about myself for once and ignore the whims of others. I'm so incredibly thankful that there are people in this world who'll give me money just for who I am and what I do, period. It's an incredible feeling to have security not just in family ties but also across my social communities.
