# Dreams

Another dream on liquidity advocacy last night. Don't recall the specifics, but definitely something about sponsoring Tyler and others to grow reputation in community. Missed some per recent time constraints back at Mom's so just need to get back in the habit of writing them down when I wake up.

I like doing it because it's incredibly important to listen to your subconscious, and that's exactly what I get to do when recording my dreams. It was a staple use of the old paper daily journal in the "treat" section, albeit that was more for periodically ingenious visions. But I believe in the power of these REM simulations, and surely consistency beats sporadic documentation.

It's great that I can search them through here now, given the dreams repo. I was thinking about making it private. I'll ask around on specifics.

Love the transparency it provides everyone, but not sure how it affects the image of my account.

I guess part of it is that I am happy to share every facet of my work. And I couldn't give less of a fuck what "fuel" it gives someone reviewing it all.

But I just want to make sure that it's not overwhelming or spammy. Seeing repetitive commits like that just might not give the best impression if it's all people see for a day. On the other hand, it does make my commit history look good via padding outs. Maybe it's just a small implementation nuance that I shouldn't worry about.

The worst part for me is spellchecking it all, so perhaps I can just make it plainly personal by including the typos like this. Then people would know it's a de-minimus WIP project. We'll see.
(not caps lol)

# Traveling

Last week was awesome with so much family! We had such a blast that I completely ran out of time to reflect. Lol some nights we'd be up to 1 or 2am just playing with family.

## Saturday

When I got to CLT, Mom picked me up with Chris and we had a fun chat and ride back home. It was already pretty late lol, but before leaving I had a great time with K. We got to go to the bank for her bonds, the Costco for the groceries, and a yummy chicken bake from the food court. She was so excited for that one and absolutely loved it!

Plus, just before swinging by the airport, we got to go to Build-A-Bear and some other fun stores she liked at the little mall. Not to mention the post-security club airline food was pretty nice and soupy yums.

## Sunday

Anyway then on the next day, I got to hear about Mom's adventures selling Panthers tickets for a loss because lol nobody wanted to see them out in the cold lose. Chris went by himself because he is big football guy, and Mom and I got to stay home together. We had a great time playing ping pong for an extreme people v. dog extravaganza. Lol I remember if we dropped the ball the dog would try to eat it up, and she did a couple times just in her mouth!

Just some fun movies after that, and glad we got to be together. She was also nice enough to share food and tea while we relaxed a little. Even got to see some Netflix movie and such while playing on the couch. Remember the plane one and revealing film about easy totalitarian benefits under centralization v. a directly and wholly free society.

## Monday

Anyway, next day was equally fun when I got to go to breakfast with Jake. I have some reflecting to do on that later in the micro blog post, because it was an interesting and fun experience. Glad he's doing well and absolutely loved that breakfast place he found.

Fresh OJ they squeezed was divine, seriously. A rare treat and superb point of recognizing abundance. I remember throwing a few bucks of gas in to fill up Christopher's car, and it just felt so good to have the conviction to do that and spend cash out on the town as my own independent person.

Everything I need is within reach of my own resources. It's really just down to execution and implementation now, which I love love love. Back to being a man who just makes calls and stays dominant.

Next was the dentist, and I was glad to see that there was nothing major with the little dot on that tooth guy. Had some fun with Mom earlier playing around with what number it was lol. Still not a magic dentist, but again really glad everything going okay with that one.

Rest of the day, nothing crazy, made some food: pasta, green broccoli yummies. Went awesomely on top of the earlier breakfast keto bowl. Mom had a blast coming in to sniff the kitchen lol.

## Tuesday

This is when Christopher started doing a lot (he came in late the night before). We had a lot of fun chatting in the morning while we waited to see Dad that night. In the awaiting afternoon, we watched _Boondocks_, which was surprisingly funny and fun.

Definitely done with TV and mainstream culture etc. But it was a nice refresh to get some media consumed with Christopher together. While I might not enjoy entertainment content mostly, it's always nice to spend time with family. And if that means sitting in front of something playful, then I'm all for it.

So then we drove downtown and met Dad at a nice French restaurant he went to earlier that day for work. It was a simple walk to near his office from the apartment parking, which was fun to have with Christopher. One thing I noticed that night is that men get to enjoy brisk walks without needing to slow down for girly things—super appreciated that efficiency.

Once we got there, it was a great time. Christopher enjoyed some cool French beer that Dad picked out. Got a few and went crazy for it lol!

Then just a ton of fun conversation between everyone, catching up on how all things are going in boy talk. Was funny: Christopher almost wore a polo that looked exactly like the ones employees had.

Gosh the food there was amazing. So much tasty butter which went exceptionally with the delicate meats. Remember a delicious bone marrow beef tartare... ah just incredible like the finale foie gras duck liver yummy.

Also had yummy salads, chicken, and desserts. It's nice to not need to worry about sugary things anymore. Seriously, just the blanket "no I don't do that anymore" like I've done with asset management feels incredible. To just know that it's a part of me to not eat sugar—ah I can't express how easy it makes my daily life and discipline.

I'm so thankful and happy K came around to that, because I know she likes sugar and all that. She's so accepting and loving, it's really something nice to have around. Christopher was sincerely admirational about how we met and continued prospering together.

After dinner, we walked out past their fun Xmas tree with Italian ornaments. Also got a sweet pic at the building somewhere with a train. Really want to get some kind of personal image hosting thing where I can associate these reflections with all photos from the day so it's easy to reference without all the manual / central insertions through GitHub.

Anyway, we got back and I snagged Dad's gift and other clothes out of the trunk, while Christopher and him chatted in the apartment. They stuck around and had some fun together for about an hour thereafter. Ultimately he went to a friend's for the night after some extended family fun.

Then Dad and I watched _Mechanic_, which I really liked. It showed me exactly what I knew about preparation in a whole new light aimed towards professionalism. Really inspired to self-reflect on that in bed later.

## Wednesday

This day I got to go around with Mom and Christopher. We had a blast looking around Target for gifts together. Later I got to play at home with Mom and Chris while we watched fun movies.

## Thursday

Grandma Lambert's 80th birthday, which was awesome! At a fancy Italian place for dinner with Christopher, Mom, and Chris. Grandpa was very nice at the table and we quipped back and forth with some more engineering stuff lol!

Love everyone and so thankful we get to spend time together every now and then.

At home we had a special cheesecake dessert time and talked fun things together. After we got to drive to their house and pick up the computer I built for them. They were nice to share that and Christmas red glasses gift!

## Friday

This was the fun mini holiday with Mom where we went around town with Chris. Had a fun movie night and went out for lunch at Brixx which had super tasty wings. And by this point we'd decorated the whole entire Xmas tree together with lots of those ornaments from when we got pictures taken as kids.

## Saturday

This was the mini-Christmas day with Grandma and Grandpa. They were so sweet to come over and have a great meal Mom made with us. Then we had a blast unwrapping all the presents. God there were so many that I was literally buried under everything! Yay they were very nice getting everything set up. So many fun things from shopping over the years and lol even a special coffee Keurig for K.

## Sunday

Trip back home with Legos, computer, and many presents in tow. Glad got to check a bag and have everyone helping me to the airport.

## Monday

K's dad picked me up from the airport and got to come home with everyone for the start of the week. Last time K had work and we got our super cool private tour with Dave and Ron at the plant. Russell learned about a lot of cool new machines and I had a great time learning about how the regulation affected the daily operations at the plant. Plus some intimate spoon fun when we got back, mimicking Mom's kind gift for the kitchen spatula holder. Cool to hear about some of Russell's driving stories and curiosities. And exciting to see K's work lab and friends for the first time.

I was surprised they could do so much with such an old building and young staff. Exciting to hear about how much the individual rules helped protect everyone around while promoting recycling. Couldn't believe how they turned dark gloop into magic clean things!

## Tuesday

Christmas Eve and such a fun night! K done with work for holidays and we had a blast with her Dad. Made a special steak dinner with the gift of meat from K boss Dave's farm. Was so tasty and went incredibly the next evening. Also got to play games together and watch some Korean TV. Stayed up so late that K got to open her cylinder Kitty necklace early as a first gift—so excited about that!
