## Wednesday

Fun remembering watching Wicked movie with K some earlier time this month after Thanksgiving. Anyway, had an incredible Christmas with everyone and their special presents. Start of day was presents, presents, presents with K, Russell, and self. Everyone was very sweet and nice to know more family can and do care about me. It's just one material way to see it, but it's certainly a nice visualization.

Mostly staying at home to play with treats thanks particularly to K making yummy keto white-chip macadamia cookies. We didn't have any almond milk to enjoy them with, so Russell scavenged out to find an Indian store that was open since they didn't practice Xmas. He was so sweet getting a chocolate healthy drink, since he didn't find anything at the gas station he went to yesterday to get it. Also got to enjoy the first game of Mario Party where K won, so she was super excited.

## Thursday

First day of K back in work, so Russell drove out to Indianapolis to get some piece for his Audi back home. While he did that, I was able to clean up my whole office and get the new computer equipment set up, including the new treadmill from K. Also super excited for the new Lego Falcon she got to add to the new lit Invisible Hand. Love the economic implications and awesomeness factors emergent from both of those bad boys. Going to play with them tonight!

Everyone had a fun good time resetting on their own, getting some space after lots of familiarity activity yesterday, where I also got to make all the final yummy lobster tails.

## Friday

Russell and I went out to "celebrate" his 28th or so wedding anniversary! Walked over to a bowling alley after a day of working things and audibles. We had a great few hours chatting and throwing decent balls together. Then we walked on over to Pizza King where we got a special midnight snack. K picked us up after work and even got some special cookies for her. Had a big party at home that night just enjoying good food with each other, and got to have the rest of the cookie dough.

## Saturday

Drove to Indianapolis for the special mall K enjoyed. Loved playing in the arcade with tons of retro games and pinball machines. Russell and I did a Japanese spaceship laser blaster bonanza before he and K beat me up in Street Fighter! Fun with everyone and then we drove around until we found the most incredible Korean BBQ and hot pot place next to the Vietnam food store. Incredible buffet style there with just the most incredible meats. Yum yum yum!

## Sunday

Nice day dropping Russell off at the airport. Lunch at the Incline Bar - fun! Then some final shopping with K who _really_ appreciated a visit to Target a la mouth maneuvers.

Love the incredible relationships now flourishing.
