I've been pushign this back for some time as I wait for family photos, but they seem to not be arriving in any reasonable time. Perhaps its time to contemplate further the purpose of his journal. Namely, I know I've done them in the past for gratitute and planning, and I want to make sure I get exactly what the main prupose here is.

First of all, Im so thankful for Mom and Dad for hosting an incredible thankgsiginv adventure for us together. I also super appreciate seeing Chirstopher, Chris, and Aunt Patty. Not to mention, grandma and gradnpa were tjust the best!

It was fun to reconnect a little more engineering-wise with gradnpa. I learned about some of the cool military things he worked on like a huge radar laser tower thing in north dakota and some adventures on a seaplne. Turns out he retired at 58 from IBM and all around pretty nice outcomes.

Mom took me to an incredible football game where oanethers lost to an underdog in overtime, after missing two field goals in the game! That was quite fun, and it was a nice distraction from the yearning I've had for K while away <3/ She was so sweet once I got back, even made lunc hfor Dad and I.

Met dad on the flight back to CInc and we spent the day together in the train muserum before going to a nice steakhouse for idnner. He was so kind in getting everything goiing, and we had a grat time at breakfast hte next morning before driving back in a rental mustang! He seems well and wants to see me more as nearing retirment.

With the Mom side of the family, I noticed that most of the fun we had was in the first couple days I was there. afterwards, we watched movies and TV together, but I guess maybe needed some gusto to go and do fun locales. That was osmethign I found well with Dad.

Anyway I think this journal winds up being something a little more theraputic for myself. It's a nice feeling to sit in a quite room alone and silenly tpe our and be with my thoughts. I hope that all these refulections can wind up meaning something one day in work that really helps a lot of people.

I jknow that it helps me keep peace in my own soul, which certainly grounds my daily life. Part of it now that I;m typing more reminds me of the DVORAC question, as I walways want to do things in the most efficient way. It's because of this that I think it' d be so geeat to swap over, but the logistics of it all just seems impossible to accept (time, config, and physcial future compatability)

Maybe that's one thing that I can start turnign more into a strength. I spend a lit of time thinking, and perhaps my dialy life doesn't need to revovle around explicit word output. Rather, it cna be as it has been with stern contemplation prior to intentional publications.

These releases don't need to be exlpicitly verbotous, and certianly ive had no challenge making them amply detailed with the traditonal constraints of qwerty. It's nice that they have you learn typing in school, and interesting to see how it evoleved and still works ewell today. That said, I'm thankful for modern hekybads and harware htat let me documet and reflect on thoughts like these.

Again, I want the point of this to be for myself- in helping me sharpen the greatest asset  I have sitting inside my cranium. I was thinking today about selling some lumens to get a new computer (that actually works). I realized that, ehile I want to make xlm the ucrrency, I should take a wholelistic appraoch to capital alloccaiton.

Specifically, I recognized that the total value I can offer the market is so much greater than the modest amounts I can accumulate in these early days using limited savings. Accordignyl, while it does make sense to invest, it doesn;t make sense to hoard uot of irrational scarcity. I can and should use funds as I best see fit to advance all facets of my objectives, including the transfer of assets to others as incentives for innovative work.

I'm very thankful for the incredile community we have now allowing any most passionate contirbutors to self-elect their valuable sservices via labor. I just hope so earnestly that we cna continue sustaining these open developments and am so incredibly thaknful for the pioneers whove showed ways to do just that. I feel so much better daily knowing that there are paths forward to make all these new things work well, and e can achieve them as we grow together.

Again, awesome trip with family, and a great relaxation to decompress. I've got an action-pcaked week coming up before trvalling back there and subsequently configuring family events. I apprecoate everyone so much and can't wait to share my generosity and abundance iwth the family, which the unisverse has so greatfully bestowed upon me.
