Last couple days have been reruns of some recent end-of-week revelations. It seems so much pony art music from BGM parallels my particular journey and personal viewpoint as RD of "the group." This moving fast mentality of an innovator so to speak materialized in a binge with K yesterday as she enjoyed the Sabrina Carp Winter Netflix special.

It was during this period and after watching _White House Down_ again that I remembered the importance of my dominant perspective in shaping effective policy. In general, it's been a meaningful recent discovery as to the material amount of effort I've invested into simply fueling my own persona so as to have fiery public "arguments" in the influence perspective. I've always been astounded by just how much effort it takes to come across lively in the public sphere, although I'm sure it comes more naturally to others.

I'm so very thankful for my nuanced understanding of this reality, and it graciously empowers me to empathize with others in similar positions. It's been fun coming back home to continue prudent work while intermittently relaxing with K. I'm so very thankful for all the livelihood stabilities we've accumulated over the years which so prudently enable continuing work focus.

Indeed it's been quite a few years since anybody technically paid me money, which I presume and understand to be largely my own choice. I'm just thankful for the present ability to correctly configure policy before we start scaling in the typical business sense. Markets are just something that really need to be approached from the public goods perspective before any profit considerations, and I wonder what other activities might fit that mold.

I'm extremely thankful for my nuanced understanding of markets thanks to years of dedicated experience directly from the individual investor side. I honestly can't think of anything that would get me closer to the pulse of fiat capitalism itself. That I've had the time through primary and secondary education to intermittently (or often quite more) dive into trading—it was such an incredible experience that I'm sure to use in one way or another for the rest of my life.

Recently, I've been thinking much about what the distant future will look like, presuming goal achievement and such. I remember always drooling over a proper trading setup and the general technical investing lifestyle. But in a similar light to Jerry, perhaps that's a vision more geared toward idealistic vigor.

Indeed, it just doesn't seem to be the best use of my time given what I know now to be professionally trading anymore. Indeed, it feels more and more like I'm doing things that are at least 5 years ahead of the mainstream curve. And over and over I see my actions validated years after the fact.

I'm thankful for the prudence all my past work has awarded me. And I appreciate the place traditional external asset management has brought me to sustainably today. But it seems these skill sets could be better utilized in my own systemic operations.

Namely, recently it's become apparent that my intense technical bias toward Stellar has led to misallocation of some of K/Yen's capital towards more long-term means. These actions effectively squandered their returns due largely to my own contentions with the infrastructure commonly in place for investments. However, a purely analytical trader inside me not but three years ago would've easily identified and invested meaningfully starting in 2023.

Thankfully, my knowledge has helped me succeed in my own work, but it's also brought that focus away from trading. My conundrum now is that going back to traditional asset management in the stock trading (or other asset) sense would allow me to only receive returns up to the rate achieved by others, at least without going back into full active management mode. And if I know my long-term passive growth will outsize those assets, then it's quandarous to waste alpha allocating resources outside my productive communities.

Thankfully, all this can easily get remedied through prudent decentralization. Once I / we attain our / my vision for independent money managers, these relatively simple trading alphas can be captured directly by the masses using tested trading strategies from _Nine to Noon_ and others. That way we can all trust the markets are working well because it is the specialized traders without this burden of knowledge who can best allocate capital emotionlessly as one would expect from an invisible hand.

There's a lot to build coming ahead, and I'm so thankful to finally feel in a position of leadership and ambition to truly complete it all. Our opportunities have never been this grand before, and it is honestly incredible that we can build such an expansive future together. Thank you universe for everything that's brought us up to this point and set us up for abundance.
