Been knawing on that ever=rpesent question of control again. What does it mean in a deentralized society? Namely, cna we really have deadlines when the best work coninually flows toward a synchronous goal?

I'm very thankful for my natural gift of curoisoty. I don;t know exaclty hwere it came from, even thinking back to my childhood experiences. I'm also so thaknful for my early lifetime interactions with trains, as they seem to have built major foundatinos into my moral sentiments.

Saw some interesting content circa the Boring Company today, and I'm really impressedby what Musk's doing in Vegas. S thankful to have him as anaspiration to look up to growin up, proving that someone _Can_ make it on their own with the drive of a champaion. Thankful he's about to fix some gov things and appeaciative of his unparalleld skill at dismissing haters, somethign useful for models.

While I'm extremely grateful for my ability to see the world as it can be, I';m also exctemelgy thaknful for my ability to see the world as it is. The curiousity which translates into immense deep technical research&mdash;it's a gift that keeps on giving. I probably wouldn've believed it years ago, but I can see so clearly and thankfully now that knowledge does indeed compound, acting as the key ingredient in being a bonafide expert.

The early days like T-8yrs might seem challenging building blocks, but  Iwound;t trade them for anything&mdash;they've been a helluva fun ride. I sincrely appreciate all the poeple that have helped me along this journey, a path list that would be just too long to begin here. And I really appreciate all the abundant love everyone's shared iwth me.

Maybe I'm just procrastinating from work here and this is a longshot, ut dare I prpopose that the universe is the greatest "central" arbitor and allocator of mental cpaital in existinge? If we follow the "radio waves" ideology, then somehow this grand ether connecting us all manages to behest reality to our wills. Definatly out there, but I can't help but massively appreciate these immense powers (putting it loightly) which I first saw pointed out by Napoleon Hill. <3
