Just had an intense personal reflection moment lying alone with my thoughts. Something that I so feverosuly recall as a cornerstone of my ow ncareer. Man they say beign A CEO is mostly thinkging, and it's 1--% true.

Brain - it's incredible and the most impactfool tool gifting abundantly to each and every one of us. And yet these totalitaritanist minorities think we shouldont be alloved to use it for own own ends. THey belvie so relentlyelly that it should exist to serve their private interests.

Well fuck em thats what i say. Go eat a pile of dog shit and sleep in a bed of scorpions - nonlethally. They're just bad dpeople who want everything in the world for free because their graet gereat greanphatehers "pioneered" the money system.

Got a big day tommorow after the special _Wicked_ movie with K. Going to wrap up the DEX part of 723 (at least lol) by the time I'm going back to Mom's for the holidays. It's exciting to finally get it in for review, and I;m so thankful for this unique opportuntiy to see how they feel about my candid work.

I remember growing up thinking I alwyas had to please some benevolent omnipresent master. That the only way I could get this sweet sweet thing called money was by seving the directives shouted by a high-above being. TO know that I can stand up for myself with the liberty to endeer against all difficulties, God it's the most freeing feeling I can imagine.

Perhaps this is enabled by our adapt military, and I ponder so often what my life would be like if I wasn't fortunate enough to be bron on this soil. indeed, perhaps it all would've been different if the wid blew another way at so man key junctions. But that all jsut soinds like part of the fun of this mistery called life that we all get to uncover !

I'm so tankful for the community. Namely, Jed has started pickign back up on X. I can't wait to get into the nuances of influeing others permissionlessly, asynchornously, and in my most adept state of being: quickly drinking tea while naked , starting at computer screens.

God I remember thinking earluier today just how happy and in the zone i feel in my introverted singularity, focusiing exculusively on what I find to be the most pressing current agenda item in my life. It's just so damn easy to all ocate my own human capital when I'm pertually at the steering wheel. ANd i cna't wait to bring others along for a parallel ride
