Yay happy labor day! Todya K had off and went into mega ball cuddle mode around the house lol! Plus smoe fun gaming in her extra room.

This last weekend was pretty intense. And the whole prior week since last reflecting has been a lot based onlive WhyDRS chats. I even popped into tsome mlp commmunity calls to cope with things pretty early into themorning.

I'm thankful for the incredible artists there and thier inspiring work. And I am also coming to terms with the groign resposnabilities  I now shoulder. One reasonthe weekend was really hard was because I had to embrace and process these committments.

By tsteering myslef awya from live chats, I'm bringing my mental energy consumption back into control. That's been nice becuase it's helped me relavtievly stabilize my diet. I went far too hard into textreme carb territyory for four days and I'm just now recovering from the tail end of it.

I appreciate that I understand just howimportant ym food intiake is, as I'm really feelign the brunt of total improducitiy these last many hours. I also really appreciate htat K does well and we can afford all the food we need. I am coming to terms with our living situation and I think it'ds doing well to substantiate interpetaitons of social policy on global workfource.

I wish i had some morethorohg documentation like his early on, ebcuase I am aprtiucalyl curous about the base motivations when possible comined with situmulus incentive regularly. A lot of nuance there was the level of central control. I think I'll decvelop a much better cgrast asp as ioen srcing he docs


---

All i now s that i have a much better understanding of mental load implicated in my work . I can judge my status and fuel levels, and I've been trying to asdjust buntake as much as my stomach will let me consume. The most exciting work also takes a whole lot of energy, and I really cna't wiatn until we have the bandwidth to go full keto again for maxuimum work pirotisaiton;
just love decentralization so mcuh and want to make it the norm. and im glad we got the sentimaental dialogue thoughts doc'd down for the community show
I appreciate this popporuntiy to see what challengin g imes feels like together. I love my frineds that helpe so muc hyear adfter year. i'm goding well and i just want to get everyone on board

---

kyala took us out to the dinarous. hcildrend museum on saturday. we had a great time seeing all thte gadjets and art. it had a cool otudoors area nd fun doofod court

after that we went to aa specail ehiopoian restarunt. kayla was so excited for the traditinoal coffee and ice fjieofjeiojf  popcorn. i'm trying to balance my tstimulants because i tend to think it manifests in centralization of work-=product output

definalye hexplored that  a lot and wish it into more owrking prodcts. 
