tired but i got  a few moments. everything is just like wow a wow.  i am so thankful i didn't cimmplicate myself in  any of the meridian crap because i am just completely at my bandwidth on the Exman ation replky

i went  over like all  the things ive been fdoing this last month as mental prep. i have psent my time incredibly wisely dealing with evvery material narrative point needed  to think clearly. now i'm in a final frace and cut against it a;;l to end execcutiuon]

i've come to the conclusion thaat there's just nnothing im going to be able to change at this point liffe-wise. i am over and done with not trading kayla's money. and that is a nice ffreeing feeling. 

i moving it all bacck to her mai naccount as asked adn then i will finallyt bee the only and best  shot we ever have at successss. it hurts to khnow i  will leave behing so;iod compounding investments, but its only like a few million at most without credence. i've given up on paths far larger than that beofre out of principle

and principle i ma thankful to have. what's the rand thing? try wmaking steel with weak principles 0or values i think lol

trst me, i  have got who i am down pat.  i know exaclty what needs  to  happen and ther is nothing  ytou cna fucking do  to slow me dowjn, asid from starve the  ocmmunity  of cpaital lol. no but sseriously we r gonna get that funding one way  or another and make things work

i know we dcan do it. we have evvery path to make it happen. and i kno things iwll get easier wonce we iron out oall the cconflicts with strongest  governance of any dao 

we hav such an increeidbly unique opopruntiy  to  evelop all this from a tiny little seed  into a global standardd. annd that infrastrure will be one of the best things ever to happen in finance becuase it is and will be just about the only  toolihng buiilt by and for the poele with andd alongsie the regualtors.   i wnat  to get this right  so badly to protecct the american public - no i need to get it right

i kcame ot the ocnlucsion todya o n one of three manic walks that p eople will die if we dont' stop their artififcal collapse. mmaybe it's just the day, but i have the is unddnendenting efeelign  that e need  to protect society from their failure or else it's permant slavery and war ad infinitum. we're going to fix this ith the netwokr becuase there's no other fucking option - live or duie for practically all 

i wish i could keep writing all night. i am sacrificing every ounce of health to get this in on time, and i just pray i have time for subnission by EOD wiht a PDDF compilation. I trrally really beliiefve it can be done using the same (and final) means aplied to TAR1 per tehcnical complilatioin\

i need to rpactice restraint. I've bene lisstening to Flawless (sparklemoon you goons) for my  entire adrenale daily  playlist,, andd i need to execise similar skill here. I cannot go rfjidosjfciods jfoi jdsio fjiods I cna only publish just the inquisitive base to require more throgouh RFRAC exa contemplationnnnnrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrriiiiiiiiiijjjjjjjjj
