First day typing with my arm after the skateboard fall and it's been OK. I will update on all that's been going on once I'm in a better place. Today I got to work on 723 and lol basically spent the day getting it compiling with the new directory links.

I learned a huge lesson with the scope expansion in May from their end. I appreciate seeing how the humility to get it through *before* code-example exchanges would’ve been much better than the abandonment during Review. But I wanted a really strong href and so I decided to leave it open through the review, and now I have a really strong href.

I’m glad and appreciate it. I pray that I get it reconciled. I want it done this week, and hopefully I can make it happen with a good night of rest on my elbow.

It took 6 months but I finally got the narrative. I know it’s mostly following the TODO docs, but the dialogue around it took a lot of finagling from the Commission. After this, I want to renounce politicking in all its forms and get down to business.

Got to chat with Jake and Kayla today. She was at work and cute as ever. I’m coming to terms with the permanence of her temporary existence as an interim placeholder.

It is interesting how I can speak with her and not feel exhausted. Thankfully I was the same with Jake, and got to hear about how he’s doing well with the construction business. He thought SEC review was markets, and shared how people individually were struggling around there — e.g., story of people not able to afford a $500 dumpster for 10% of residential clients.

Glad to have this. Figure out singular publishing. And to find / rediscover my friends.
