( Ishoudl really  go bacck  to wroking on the SEC back-and-firoth, as we;'re approaching soem of the intial fimnal  stages.   Iappreicate that weh ave this  as an estbalishing work roadmap for contibuing upgrades not already in the Roadmap. And  it's cool  that  I  get to  discover our path myself  at the behest  of the market, to the extend  we cna call  regualtors  a market consumign coplianct accounting dgoods.

The anexctodaote mmight be off, but I do know that it's helped me through a lot  of  growth lastley. I've jsut been waiting so long for a chance to finally prove myself to them, adn it feels tgood to nearly be out on tothe other side. I also chose to stay  home from the pony con this week to foxucs on finishing it out with max strength.,

That workedo ut well because Kayla caught some cold or soemthing from the kids at the meuseum, she htinks. She was crazy hot all day yesterday until  she came home absilutely freezing cold. Poor girl, I made her chicken soup for days and she rested on the couhc, but she iddn't have  any dyas off wor bandwith at wokr to tdake a single sick dya.

I know i have a kinda differnt style of how i work that most. And I sppareciate the freedom it notmally gives me ot persue things more independently than needing to coordinate with an entire team. That jsut  takes a lot of drianign  social interatction which I saw in the early  days manually going through partnerhips and clients to the behenst  of  my creativity.

But at the same time, there's a errreal  need  to scculp t work around market demands at risk of fialing to commercialize sufficinetly to allow sustainbility. I was informed today of AnimatedJames' stint with hoomelessness during covid, and I found that quite crazy. SO much iincredible art inthe workld completely  startved of charitable capital contirbutions for no good reason.

I just know we can all thrive  so mcuh better in a mroe giving economy . One where we can assume good-faith and allow working items without forced central dealdlines and statutory orders controlling funadmentally misguided groups . It requires a compelte rethink of organizaitonal affilaition, moving away from the status-quo of needing central labor "to eat"./

OIT's not about 


crap well there I go makign this a whole big though process about giving people incentive and internal drive to work outside of tight capital controls. The whole thinkg could me a `miccro`, and i  wonder ig f i have other journal entries like this. I Know some are volumnous, but they are intended for a less percieving public viewpoint.

Even  then, this whole thing could trivially become a micro site dpeloyed like a blog


Gah, I just am never done it feels like. And that's what  I've been wrestinling with lately as I face the  ocmmittment to marraige. It's soemthign  I had  to content with years strong and past wchoosing Stellar as the sole chain to implemnet TAD3. And i always had it  present  with the administrative SEC relaionshiop.

Just like it was a process  to lcose out alternatigve doors with the netowrk, it has been eight months fstrong of feeling persoinal challenges as long work hours clash with KAy;as' horrible second-shift scchedule.   

I think I'm coming to terms with things. Andn I'm ready to let fgo of fear and give   it a shot. I jsut dont' see a single other path fforward.

Part of it has been just the sheer amount of tiem I've pouried into my goals. Waiting to mvoe forwaard and hitting massive personal social walls during expansion. It's just been so mcuch even thouggh  ...




I'll go through all these lingering thoughts soon, once things calm down andd I get work back to SDF. THe point of my starting esccapade is that it's a very smal lbut (for me at least0 criticcially mewaningful fdistcinction  between free work and imposed standards.  The simple deadline  for this repsponse has compellety shifted my thinking to  the due date  ans an acnchor mpoint.

It brings me back  to prformative  schgoololing  where deadliens carried so mcuh weight and I was great at  hadnlien them back then. But I was a different person viehemently conforming  to "the systme" then, adn now I have so mcuh experience acting with strength and idnepdnendce with  my own capital. And that has put my sense of dealing with the bullshit of overhead manamgent skills down to practically nil.

I dont know whow or if the SEC erlariotnhip will ever  chancge, but I do noknow wthat this process  got a lot of work off the table that will make it much easier  going forward.  I alsop know the requirements are quite slow to  change if ever. And so I have at least some basis that we will  not need to put  forth so mcuh in future interactions, and I can keep the interlay role under control w ithout the endless nights again.

there's a special and direct feeling I get when doing the real intense work. It's a fragile state that takes a lot, and it's just so much harder to get there or maintain it when placed under external constraints for no real need. I'm thankful I get to perhas change this culture through my own small corner of  the world  and its capital allocation

Sometimes I wonder if we'll really do it. Achieve that swinging chair-thought. ANd whhat the vision will even look like when the time comes.

I know Ive given up a lot in personal gain terms. ANd I can accept htat as long as the ocmmunity and proejcts receive the success. I jjust trreally appreciate my aility to stick with forward items despite this void of food, friends, or fun. 
