Started going on the material work today now that I have the narrative figured out. Or lol I guess it's the part you can see. That's the thing with these deadlines, they frontload so much mental work...

Anyway I just wanted to drop in and say thanks to myself I guess for embracing commitment. I made a tough choice not going to Mair Fare (lol that spelling tho) and I just had my last couple hours here processing that with Discord fam. It's a group of people I'm thankful for but realize it just isn't helping me get to my objectives.

I appreciate that I can step back and see the socializing as something that really unfortunately does not fuel me. It came only from my own overexertion. And I see that I need to disconnect from this excess stimulation to stay the course.

I do want social commitments amongst close friends. But I recognize that I can't actively seek and forge those relationships. I just need to keep my head down and let things develop themselves.

I've given up my hopes of ever going back into trading, because the systems design just matters too much. And I've seen today with Brunson's new launch that the vision will always be at stake. I want to maintain my own credible voice to protect our just decentralization principles (inter alia) no matter the personal cost.

I guess also thanks to Tamers for dropping something so different today. In the watch party I really saw through my own eyes just how nonadditive this has been in my life. I am glad for the fun and games I got to enjoy, especially alongside family, but I understand it's just depriving my crucial reserves for fruitless personal hedonics ✌🏼
