Doin better, still adjusting to higher househpld loads. We went to the coffee spot in liberty she's been eyeing for so long. It was fun and a nice quaint town.

Then i had a choice to make in re comittment to next week;s work. But really it was whether i dedicated my time to health over raw working output. We had a ncie time with tea and her pastries in the shop and around the town.

After enjoying am oment in the pavillion, I ketp us going on a long run ot Costco. We got a lot of food, and I kno weverything will help fuel me (and her). She was paritucally excited about this big stuffed bear llama thing she named Larrry.

I wish I had the free-caringness to get nice funs like that on an impulse. I think things are better in the sense that I'm fueling not drianged from our interactions. But it;s still challenging when theres a slto of sensory stimulation like driving and tlaking or musica at the Outback she finall  got to take me to.

I most enjoyed out stop in the nearby town park and recreation trail around the pond. We walked on it for a while before epxloring the nice fun rock and flower garden. Before that, we placed a fun game of catch while I steased her a little basedo n my pprarent softball skills.


I know she wouldn't have played forever, so I'm glad she made the choice for herself when choaching wouldn;t/ . .. Wish I got to see her play a game growing up. I had a lot of pride back then, and mainly I was so concerned over getting everything right in the relatinsjhip.

Well here I am, everything ight and myself as mr. right. It doesn't really feel all that high up like framing out to be. And I geuesss that's okay, or at least that's the narrative I choose to weave in for myself.

It's time to ease waway from that attention drain anyway to focus on he mission. I know it;s not as sexy, but I am able and damn iwlling to persue it in this condiction. To change course now would needleslly delay it all, and the logsitcs for Autumn have just been too much.

It was a ;lot to process, but I think i will soon walk into my full light in the fandom. It's excpetional to have freidsn to chat with whow producesuch incredible work. I want and choose to stay at it, keep making those friends 

I'll find a few of then and keeep it tight. I don't have the time or bandwidth to give everything to all of them. Last night was the big end I believe to a lot of the less nformaed reltinships.

It;s just not super exciting for fun talking to basic forum, althouhg I have had a really fkn awesome time learning about everyone's direct onine relatinships these last weeks. It's incredible fodder for writing inspiration. Writing which I'd like to unifomr back into my chief persona becuase upon further reflection it's just not paticually worth segmenteing out certain professional (which I'd consider my whole identity) pubs
