Learning to appreciate all the hard work that forges into this whole process. I don't know why the extent of efforts wasn't abundantly clear to me over these last four-five years. But it's just hit pretty hard as I come to the close of this intense centralized deadline cycle.

I'm excited for it to finally be over. And I appreciate the chance to get everything in a row and submitted in place for the TAR2 letter. I had a lot of time at the start circa mid-July to recover and think. That thinking time has been exceptionally useful for clarifying my commitments these last couple weeks.

Dad called and he's having a great time lobstering. I look forward to my ability and chance to acquire some interim freedom between obligations. I want to join him and family sometime in the next 15 months.

## Main items

I am thankfully finally starting to get over the food thing, and I have come to recognize that I have all the fuel and resources I need to execute my mission. I may not complete every “side quest” at the gym or going outdoorsing. But I can get what needs to be done complete with my resources and skills.

I've also had some fun this weekend bossing Kayla around lol. She has been more submissive since I took her out and also cared for her when she got sick. She is a whole lot better now and I mean you can tell if u know what I mean lol.

I'm coming to a good place. Understanding the predictable stable benefits I earn through the mountainous amount of work. And I might take my time but that's just because I need to get this right for everyone that's ever been beaten or broken thanks to the cantillionaires.
