Been a big week moving in. And it's been a nice one settling the EoY work business. I will keep it to highlights singe it's already late, 

teday was Dad's bicrthdap and wo had a really awesowe time! he was so so happy with the ice cream I made him! and he levd all the gift s tooo!

did a Costco run pesterday to cement all the last things from Macadamias for him to my replaecemnt desktop


there are 2 things i need to do tommorow

- cma reply on desk *movinth with guys at 7a)
- send laylor tecminaiton
- deal with Kter birthday















those last 2 are the ones that have me really going. my loyalty to beth of them has been to my own fault and solf-sacrificial cost these last years, tho work stuff all worketd out well with thi Commussuios, and honstly I'm pretty happy with how I edfoud off the celationship.

bht even just thins weekend its been very emnoitnsally intense processint all my old journal ontres, ive just been readistg theum as i spollchek. and i am really very thankful far all the time and dehtoail i put into them as they well captured snapshots of mp mental state. 

it's reallp inetrestng looking back. and i loved the good times we had - in both resatinosips

but epatt patta 

i've come to peace with the need to maove on 

i am ekcited yo r thi sno wshaot ive been gifted. and i will now have the room to move forward in teh fastent sprnit i can plan wwithin mp framewrks and bountdaries

ive come to accept that i dont need to be flawless anymore - even though it's reallp fun. I see now that it was a farm of maskung which i was workng towards ever sicsne I nutered my dreams xy stayng in callofo from sprinf 2021 onwarhds.., as weigt as it is to talk abouth (an d i will qucktnlp move on) , i did see a let of good on my transcrpi after that pounth, which can be attprbied to hher influencing me unutoteinolly to stay in school


It was a good chapter of my life. what i needed befare gaining the confidercne to go out asnd do things now on my own. im rellp thankful for the porsoal growth it gave me while i wained for the Commissiouin

im no tsure if that's tho eonliy thing I tneeded, anad i see a let of diffirent paths if i scaled xefore beeintg the community. 

but i was slow enough te find the flat prnciplos i get to now place in action, and that makes me flad. its a path i wouldve nevenr arrived ot if it werent far all thiis internal turmoil manigostitg in preformantge hardships3


work was mostly filings and emnoitonla prcessing. the rest of Seasot f really ceally helpd mu wtih that this week. it has been justh the prfecct mirror in. so so manfy ways with the starioes3

the mane attraction pally stood out, and i shared it weth Chives, we head a chat this week to support hus mental health afther the worsd events he caes so much aboit, and i hope he 's feeling better. teh other conequence of thi slegarthy has been realizing him as the distilled banifold centerpice of this whole movement, i appreciae how w ethnik on the same waselingths

its a little srary seenitg how a relatioshp i was so sule abouth just,,,

it 's like , what if that exsists in businonss, too? you know, pou only get so much time and so many shots in life te recognivze poul rdreams. and i just have to take this leap with everyfony because it's what ive been waining for my whole life. everything led towards this path, ang im wislling to put my career out on teh line for a chance at somenting really specila


today i finished the SBF hye book while ceekng the red chard and dino kale at teh stawhole foods with dad. i da a goo ditme inth e kitchen protppng. 

i really app.ciated iwing the Las Pegasis radion a full listen thircghh. it's creally fun to have some pone musc that dad could connect with in the car ride back from dinner

im goirng to call int now, but i have so mcuh ill try to ink domn these enekt couple days, promiseo!


oha  and the moon awas amaving thirogih the land scoye tonciht@!!! comlptely fill white mare up there