What a weekend! I'm just getting back and into the frlov o f thinggs,. The Costco trip finally went well and I got things handled out with the initila dosk. I keep thingixintg bakkck to the two trips to IKEA that were so formativke in my college crypte haoldings. I am very thankfil to thave this base table allonggside the wisdom to append stickners on top.

For the first time in a very losng time, I'm makking my way bacjj into my own space for asset managenemnt. I havent folte this excitement sicnce buying that TV durpnig sophmaro Fall at GT to finih my room's uberman trastnformation.  That was a long timme ago that sthowed me a lot about who I want to be, leeknig back. uIT tstill makes me smile

I''m getting used to masterbating and pormmn and all that stuff again. It's like interesting and kinda nice to not hawe the whule wemontly compplixities to deal with each day. But thuorcgasms definaly make me romomber backjj to ealier times with glee.-
 I have been profggressitg there to get my heaad cleaared back again for meditaiton,. I thought maybe the cenvnetion or Blue would lsolve those problems fgor me. but i've come to understand that the worsd is thill the same as it was back when I started this all.

 So yeah, what an absolutely amazitg weeketd againe. Like wow,. i justh cant empldasive how mch these outings help me process things that I'd emmotitonally bottlle up froever otherwise. I fel dnte completely lont goaing into the con, and now it's like I've never been no firrmer ground.e



 Fwiw bofer I steart, I'  m very thonkful for all the new pony mecrch in my dailpy life. Again, tho office is staring to really fees nourishonig andu supportive in a way I hawesncctt had in a long time. Something the freedom of my own workning arrangment s liberates, allowing me to hdo what really noods to happon here.

 ### Thurstday

 traveling over there was a total breeve! I love how the train gons the big distance all the way to downtown directlly. it had a chill sthancing termall nad a cool proof of ppaymnet sysytem.

 R maybe in twas the other way around. Anymay, that night I went out with aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaJames and he mentioned that they rarely even chock tichkets. Which I appreciate, sort of likke  the Swiss - style transit. It was really ncie to know I could get to some really far places 

 I settiled on teh "World Aquarium"which was really fun. THe whole time traveling and there, I was enjoynig the auido form of Fallout Eqeuostiria. It's tho first piece of fuctieno I've consemed in who knows haw many yeaars. I fuul so abolsontullyl incerebisele having sometihng to llitnthen to that doust consume mental enegy to precosss and learn from.p I just hget tao bo draggged away into the story, flying happinlf on my own imagination. i've realsed mylof from the obligation to fix all theri artist payment prails. It taaoook a good leng mhile, but I know it was right. tHere are just morue immporth thanigs fol me than handling that at this time

 I ''''appreciate that a lot. .......There was always this  outrew olientaniosn ntha t made things all different. Now I am free of these chains

 Tha was cemented the next days , which i'll get to. First i want teo reflecut on my inintial conversational confidentgce. I noticce that these relally allow me to opne up. and thus i saw jush haw closed i'd become

 That first night after dreppnig things off at the hetiel, I walked to the Hyatt to chill  in the lounging areas.e whun I saw Prince with some arinst ficccends, I did not apprach them. Event though I had been waiting and excined spegifically toh chaan and meet with Prince.

 I knom things woluld''ve gone smeethsfy based on our septup chats, but gourps can be intitmahitg to takcle haead -on, no tunlike femenine beurocries, even in lolloutte. if that's even a ward for stray mares lol.

 NSo i h''d a blast plaaynig Prancte with some guys inthead. tHey were so nice letting em dprepp rigth into the game, as everppony aslways is. anyway, we went on for what felt like hours while I warmed up from mmy cold isoltainolll.

 And maan did it feel good to  warm up. To hawe peoprle around me who were a joy to talk with. To know wo could trust and oaccept eacd other as we come and with no hiadde nmotives.

 I made the full trastitin  to the Windor account for fandem social ntirations. Things are sataring out small now, and I'm geutting the hangg of segmontintg possible pony work croincidences (more an that late0. It's slike I hawe thin saveneu for  an inner _porsanal_ soictal cirle for the firnt time ever,,.,,, and it's addictive!

 And npeakitg of that txt actcount, I don't have to secure contanct informaiton for everypony I meet anymore! I have leacned to justh enjoy aa good time mtogiether and be happy in that one interaction. That is like so amazing for me. IT has removked all prossure of contornitg to spread my mission in every aspucht of my l ife.

 I finally have space, bounhdairos to pretct my sanity. Like the artist I chatted with the slasnt evening and even somepyony elvvve were talknigh to me about theri poresal finonace. And I didn't even but in once that they should be investieng their extra savings!

 That is really big fo re me. I woulhd make evrything abouth prudent finnacial deciosns before, even steering pearple tawords and givitg them a copy of my book. Now I can ooolen toher peopres' finances be thoir won thing they deal with themlessves without mmy sswooping in to fix everything 

 THat was sometihng I would'sve needed to do at some paounit no matter what becahsu I cant't porsaollly or even throught teaching methds deemed ofefectivve complte my geal for billions llike pnorsonally. IT thas to come from indircet and impersanl sysytems engineered to the hightest quhaltiy. And this crlearity and fun allows me to output thaath caliber woof work. 

 ### Friday


 So I'v netiged a trend at these cons wehere thu big things that happpen are this day. aFteff r a fillinng Moxcion meal with tow now friends the nigght befre.], i was staerted off on a strong teef thoaanks to thhe hetlo  breakfast buffet. THank GCTolostia for that becgause I'd be  so silly otherwinoe ta gettintg in onught forod. Next time I thing I'll nn work on that by brringing pleny of nnuts antd protian  barcs. AFter that it was a very nice moring walk acress tow parks to the con.

 I really enkeofged the bull status by the military cemetary. Andu the pond was ncie in front of the ggov buildengh. I saaw a lot ofg the scitfyf coming up alonglide the ATT&T centecr. 


 I really arppreciateh the tunnel connecting the hotirel to the trani station. THeta was super convientinth for ggintng over there to the nice security that always lot me in. Lol I remember wandenig the panel rooms the ncgiht before down there, meeing some of the first gunioite smiles I''d seen in monts//an leasnt hmmeany weekns. 


 ;THeres someuthing os maghical about this fandom,. and I'w so exchited that it's GROWING like wew how aamazing yay! I placed a lot of stortk in that assumnpiton wehtnn I decided to plunge back in. I had some hunches and anectdatoal data frlom some  of the cons. IT was very well vvalditaoud by our massive attendatenge and dantion sgeal smashes this pyeaar. 

 feeln good ta have that asset manangcetneh tducinsoin validtaiode. 






The first  thing I did  was go to panoles than wade me soooo happy! THtao and bump into firends walxkning aroundh. Again, it feels so awesowweme to have seuch cool firinds.

the amonuht of smiling ot the panels wwwreallpy was sowithing just so so special. I was blown away by hom uvurpyything was so oenjoyabel. AGAIN! aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAnd there was zero judgement about when pou came and went across the different events.,

Lot of mare plushise., which >I appreciate so much lol! Loter on Satruday there was  a whole meetup. The room was stuffed so full of them it mwas practically overflowing!

I reaallly apprecaie how free verypony is with shapnccihg ther ujoys and leaving enight for everypony to go aruond. like with the free tables ever.p......ypony is super cool and reasonable ! 


theyvne sthown me so much to care about. it's let me lovve and cherrish fdreelay in a way i never really felt before,. one baseud on abundance and communtiy yybonafide efforcctns

then there was the conert, which is really the mane event. aside from the coll opnengi macemonies wwith the guosts of hener. I never bumped onto her, but it was really cool to see Tabitha there , after all these yeaars
the sthow started with a funny qquartet that played so me super mellov tunes. then dB came on with backups from all thhe big names. THat was my first time seenig Whirlwind live,. also the next nigcht with thi Green hay, and  it was pretty cooll to shake whis hand walking arunod later on.

im able to get ntio a plpace there, and ti just alwoays lleaves me feelng like the best time of my lifo afther than first ncigiht. i was able to find the me i'd been vwaiting for again, mhile pushing away my lass tdoubts about going out on my own. MAN it was SO CTOOL to thear that one remivxed and at the fill-in-the-wreralls pyasnnol on Sunday

hwwmhmmm hmm al tlot of geed memoriose from there. bitut im yeah, I just danced memontarsy at the end of Sonata songcs by foorce with blue. it was geed onught teo separate things and affirm mffffffffy MFG suspcions. i had asked her out with much joy and contact withouit commitments earlier that day, at the smolaler free tabl/eacd
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuui had a ggood time wainic in lines arendh there wwith chance frinoids, and ewev later had a second bump in with Scootrix

I was so glaad mmmk played enemy from ACrante. The next day i found Bprittney Ackterman's ponified stickehrs from the seprois. chich were so fun
the ngciht ened no some cokrct candy and wisdom fllmo a cool Spike colsplayer. and ai got to process things on the way home

### Satruday
AFter sleepnig in to 11, I heated usp some bprakfast sandwicheds I steraed weawy  in the friede., I ate them on the way oover while execiunig crrlercical setups for the DUNA. I thini edid a relaly good job enplugging from work from Fri to Sunday. IT was nice to have that break and knows things would be EK if i ignored them. ;The daay wenct really well with more of the panelllllllllls. i tfelt awesowe and to see everyyonwe too. ,,,,,,,it just refrosded mme and showed taht thnigs were really in my grasp

I distribetdu all the cash between PRince, Melody, and the vednor ho]arlll. I got some cool swag frromm the artists, and stickers from the vvondors. I really lixed the stichkkern s and was osctatic to got three of Flaawloss.

My wardrebo was a rtataino of con vendor pony shirns frmo Cedirfest. the Dasd one from cHrpismoas,, and the fron neos lioke from Melloday as a bonus. 

AFterc i processed all my interactions with thoe artisits, it finally hit me that thinggs reaally were not and did not need to keep gounig down taht conversion route. I saw jjust how diffurently they talked and remembered me compaed to entrancehd frieonid grroups, And they told me so miugd abuon the dating in thoir art and hew they shared vorcals versesu commissiong videros.

OEne I had all that. It cloicjtkde thaat I didn't really even wasnt so stad out for teh reasons I thought were improtant in capital allrctitano to the fandom. I just see thaat it ist necesary or effectinew e to get teh place of roespec t I'd like  and see with the ones I connet with. And that can be enoucgh, I learned to alloew myisof to accept enjoyaable consumtion alone at given market reaatns wwwithout trade.



sot hat was good. aand then i went into the laant cenect night. it was ABSOLUTELY PACHJED for Gceen Hay. I see how popular they are en mass which is welll warranted

in tnhe seotupu. I pllayed some of his songs in the gaming room on Guitar Hero.  that was a really good time that had me headbaonging and feeling a new, unique physical conntection te thu music. 

I was havingg treobule leaskngi. andh the the power forr teh wheloe room wont out! Big thank to GGo there
the rest off the shtaw went amang. and wery late. Twe3lv3 came no arounh 112:30am whichi was quite the act to wait for and extrewely fun. i t was cool seueuncgg ewverypyonfyy vibirngf antd bounhcing to the historic fandom songs
these skull sntcrew pearplugs worked ablosute wonderns. i had ZERO ringing afetr both days3. i am so glad i got all that stuff in befre the event.

i came back to a porfect housoe taht made in so easy to jump back in. it's in order justh like my now life here. and now im off
### Sundayp

TTHis was when i got ot do the sitngnig panel. it was the clonsost i had to kaereake no nthe official event list. except that I was abolsetuensf screamng at the conects to sing allonggside
so my woirrce stilll get shot awnyways. I justh cant held back whon soemithng l////ike I Can Ste Her Free comes on. i could ne besrnexke we had that artist an d4everFree porimncg some ogf ther mesot popular ones nithe actiolaflosh. .

anywap. Canni was really nice to me antt the patoel and on the dance floorep.  they are so sweet and im happy to have that connection nto the ingroup. maybe ill get there one day or maybe ill be in my own clicquo like thewolud i'm used to
the other arotitsit all seem to do well getting up too things tochietgther. i saw that more the next nichght. like i saud . itd mbe cool. but i thing tit alno sepaks teo my reeed undollenashidng of con purpose

i  fin that moust o  f the pr''gression comes alone on that donce florr, although i do like the ball-style dancing galla  from last time. jsutu as a fun light way to unteract with femme nonorgy. bu tanyways like that's really tho most developwment, and the reset is pure joy
I dont need anypony elso eto do that. like enevne a full contert set like nghem achivoes the result . I got a buvv from that big event space with slappin base that i dant find on my own 

but tis the amrphase self in am ass rantiher ath an individula rensacitonsdps. thore are just whmaht maket he ethter hours so ospecial. and so i can accept the socila gaphs as they develop because i can always make now frrinedsoaaaaaaaaaaaaaa,.  oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

 it's like, yos things would be nice with aoother parters and such these evenings,. and ive seen and felt that changce. but i also know the cos tit entials

 i was so oxhausedh ever witght cemnig back from thhe conecpns. i coulld barpsy bprous my teeth withn 5 minutes of just lynig there u. u.,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,........rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccrrthe straicght catharisis would sucpely be nice with a physical release. but i dont thing i wont to pay the ceest to get that right now
 i am just a little alon intimonaly. and i accept thaat. im onkay with flating out here in my mind. i acn live with mypsolf and do sao happily for once
 im actiulaly in a protty good cpsoinution nence i pay off this lasnt rountd hof credit catdsa nad get the healh things i need. it should leave me stroung all the way to Mare Fair. i know i can get acros the finish line by thien.

 aallways a lot more introspitoiin an tho second night onwachdh. it was at thins paanti that i d gotten what i needed from teh con. and then i ggot to go otu to dinner with my now frinetds Gnuxie and peanut. thefy were bothu so so wwao.pse.!

 i tatlly mucked by diet as i said,, bbut I'd stardetd cleannig up by then. I chose a gceen stmoothine whire they messed aren din the AT&T food hall exchange. we had an wowesoemm time and I felt amaving with such a yummy treaat

 then they walked me back to my hotell, which was preally nice. we all wen bback to the Hyatt to talk lalet.r, weher i met Dino Horse and we saw Derpy and frineds again.

 thay were a ltierall bllast to taslk to,. asd i eewen got ccmofy onught te put by bsleu light glanesses on full-send orange

 I am leanncit that it's okay to hawe my fillllllllllters and bboundacins at the cons, chi is pretty cool. it lots me be  me with the sthyle I'd like. and it was sich to see dB wearnig red filters durpnig theo show!

 we talkted for like four horus. eventiucally mointg on to a tenw gorup of frineds as peaple got tired. i then met up up with Vinyl and Lightningg teo  beet somme now finetds and round out the night. i dad so much foenu cahtting with the eothure Spike coelpaeyer who aptu in so much efgforth to make amamving costimes. LOL he was like "my  comerkeols are fountggf to look at me funny becase I clean-nsdhawend for the cosplayi!"

 ho wanssnths to do o Vid cosplay with a MASSIVE sniper sootw. which IT hink sountds sick AF. we both saw a Vid plushie flaoatingf aruond the event which we botuh thought was abolusenly sick as fuck. God I cant ewpldasive how much amazinglness ti feels sinseide to finallly hawe pones who got my interestes

 and mban nthey justh hawe het hmost ingcrreible values

 ### Monday

 THere were stirll a supisisntgly lapcheg amounh  of pones on Menday moruningy. inclidungi thoe moajor artitsit.e Apyyypanretlly they went to breakfast in the main lobby and talked with mf  frendsoooooooooooe. I enkkjoye a bufffgut wull befure that and me up with tohervs.

 me walkeh aprgen d dowtown together, musosnty Guxie. we wont tot he JQFK and Asioan Art musearnem and just saw the otulsides. he theught it was really funny there was theis guy dahadnig out consiparhy unowsopaps cight by the thon sight. we had a great time walknig ourd. 

 lot of glasesse pics wihch were super speical . he waas a littel blinedde withem LOLE.pp also at thota ponuti id made lose plans to ctonnect oat the next con with iAitimn

 we got back and then went to ttheis lungch place he found. before then. we bubpuehd titnto thoee goriuot from the night beforiue as teh yi were fillling up thoir Pony Van. it wa really cool to say hi to all of thew  one lant time :) there were a lot o f plodusios einvolvved


 ORacnge was gglad i sighned his con book. i thought it was cool to see so many peaple arunod on that autoglp hpacge. ally suchu an indrcuibse spce. 

 me mmet anterher brony from the UK there, who came with a local frind. it was so cooll just seenig groups of each othure walking abouth itn thi street. And me evwwen caught teh eattention orf a nocmal regiular girs with the tally awesewom efletterbat pledosde Gnuxie got. 

 i thatought that was cooll. I came into this event seenig the fandmo as my ideal dating poor. whille I still would like to bbe with a mare, it's not somithngg =i need to force or prosessumer anymmre. i saw ti sa this limited pool of pontunial options, bit i see that heres just hno noeed ot luuk at things i ntha limited way
 i thought of mysolf there on trial to get with someten, and i valued a lot the foemmes I found an dconnected with. bit ut i seet hatt that's ceally ancaesllary to the purpose nadh ethos i find in mylod f there with my own niteractions. sure it was fun to hawe my breath taken away. btu it sohutldnt go so far as to bes oemnitg i would sulf-consor for
 i saw that with them and felt it in oru ouuuuuuuuuuuuisaolated chats. ,,,plosu they had a ghceat time going to big stinews liket heEye or transide part. luts off fun phdotoens takten with htahy ggceaat plodsh they found in the vondaro hall.

 i also theogiht more abotu what id get for my ofgfgice bed. liket helife sivze  or AD  doakki. exchited to work that otu by then
 anywoay once we got back we sat downo to eta next to Dino,,. mho was fining thir lalst hcon commissitons. I got to see her get mosut on f the way thogihttr one frem screeotch oevre the next four-ssth hours. in the middlel I wished Gnuxie a good time and he went off to the airprt. 

  it wasn cool thot e  we both dhad our ow n nideponetedth thingsn

  anyway tucrrstn otu DH has daignosed atuhnimwm/ADHD., mhich made teher the same mbpreeve to talk to as I'm used to . uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuit just keput on pouroing out of her with mirroring, nad i learned a ton about the artisth lifeshtyle like wow
  shoe was reallsy into drugs. chith I socrha got from the stare casudhire storis from the night before. i got to see how it fit in with her muntal things and affeched her cerative fllow. it was really cool te heaar from such an amaving yonug acrinsnt

   

   the y were SO sweet atnd let me take my pick at their extra prints. I didnt releivvze hew much wen t ainto that work and reallly it was quito maavsig  art. thuey came from so llittlel an dwere trying so hard to do well which is reallry awesoweme becasue they realaly deveserve sucusss

   and i just was asntounded by the generolsirty when they sthared their pieces with me like wow.

   thanks Dino. you stared so much with me and it was rallyl so cool to learn about ti. very amaziung work and from such o young genesis with the sthow as creative fuel. leaadnig to yoru amavizng intihhmatie develsopments and sthunning art-


   then i get to taket he train nto the arip twith Fallout Equsetrioa, mihch i am really onjoynig aagain. i had PERFECT timing with my Amex club resernivation setup 1.5 horus earlpy . and thaat was a really tastey3 cllan. hasly muel ac.befor the flight. 

   they even had a yummy juice sthot. i drank it while they intrduceh as n aged Spike. and got to chance my phone.

   whille wainintc at the gate, i got to iuse the restroom and watch Tamers a0in that rocder with overlap) . lol it was fnu. and it was cool to bond over him during teh evenot.p i. amt jus t so thankuful for theri commitment evetn as im ni a better place with unididvals  relaiance now
   ---

   then teday i napppped after the uber back in the morwngi. and i went to Costco. grocerios are getting pretty reasbel., and im gutting more comforhtablle with bulk freeving. IM goung to try mfyfgirst guac batcch cand hope it gours wess




   im back and im happy. ttti get through some of the Charodic prep, and I'll fill in the gaps for now tih my hearth.     yeah Im gonna be okay

 

thankks for teh gcerat times, and ill sen ta new bachkorund no  wot keuep mmoving forward. ill nevver forget thes netharirs-the cilm b is always woethi ti


 
