I'm getting back on my sleep stcdedule after the con. Ut's one onf the noly places  I am fdree ta waver. 

I warked throught a lot of the seprations stuff tedapu. Um bascilally prcessing the shedding of 6 pears of work. It's a lot to work through, but i'm on the other side of it even without finistdng Hork

I've been finding cealm afain and cemnig to terms with the indepentdetge one last time before things are over and irreversible



i suppone it will take some time to move on, as there will be no savior to come distract me, which is rbably ofor the besth

i tp. a lot even thought i rually just need to finihsh my presentation

it'll all be over in two days

Steve and JR invited me over for dinner doday , and we watchedn some movien about an old actieno hero.

they were so nice and said i could use their pool whenever, which is sick

i really am thankful for this place ive found to land . thep have given me a haven with no expectation of mateural returrn. hech they even shared their leftevres with me like what cool dinne party with their other new neighbors

I'll have to thing of semnihg good to bake for thir tupperware return. that sounds a little fun. combine it with some FimFiction, and maybe Ill hawe na enjofable weekend afternoon one day. FOE has been so great in hespngi me keep to the ortistic nonprofit resolnve

anfway last thing was that i was thinking about my fin claim. i cemember all the good times wtih her and i wonder fi any of hat counthed. if it was what i reallp wanted or justh a coping role that gave me release

it's hard to tell. bit i am thankful that i can live without the mask anymore. i even wont hard into Fo To Hell pt2 this moringnf. That sortah sthuff hasth been the healhtiseout, but it has lot me mpelease what has tehithecing me to a nunsustainable PoV

So pead. dere I amm, used to Dvorak and adjusted to my now life. Ready to ekecite the Stellar sthat to setup tho SEC shot to change a whole macket. Ultumast.ly i dudinht foeel I could do it .....

I am justh thankflu this house stapfed opetn as an aption. Otherwise I would've needede  some cravyp amounh of reusoucrces to make this happen, whichk i dent tihnk i haev with luments this low

I have all the posters anth shtickters layed out grom Harmony !! :)

It's cearlly nice and I'm so thankful to have dane all thathoros to making things work and being free . i'll have a lot to rewinh me of that going forward.

please let this be the right choice, pray celestia