Been an incredible last couple of weeks moving out as K graduates! Right after the last entry, I started work on the OCC comment letter. That was just after Kayla's parents and Aunt Pam came into town for her graduation celebration weekend extravaganza! Been appreciating our time together these last couple of weeks as we are now relaxing in FL at her parents' house as we wait for final docs for her Superior job.

Anyway, incredible week May 13 - 18 (went an extra day past the submission deadline lol, just so much to uncover in the OCC case) writing wholeheartedly for the OCC comment with lots of support from K — and all while DFV re-enters the scene and makes my calls explode! Wow, was not expecting that, but what the perfect case against keeping OCC closed off! There's been a lot more action around that recently just these last few days with tweets, positions, and a revitalized stream from YT -> CNBC lol. Wow, incredible to see so many people doing these things on their own with their own incentives and literally in DFV's case having the potential to become a billionaire!

Anyways, lots of packing after the comment letter while K went to IA for an interview. Got that, and then her dad came to help pack, which was super nice. Moved everything into the storage unit down the street while we wait for the job finalization. Should be good for her, back on schedule, and she seems happy to get a little time with her parents and grandparents (ideally) before everything starts up again.

Went to the beach with her at the start of the week on May 27th, and then I got to drive to Consensus in Austin. Loved the time with her and family beforehand exploring the town and having a great time. And then really appreciated the drive to Austin to get launched into Stellar hacking dev. Honestly came up as much of a surprise with everything falling into place last minute. But really, really happy I went — incredible to meet some of the largest talking heads in person since they're normally just coders with their profiles on GitHub or Discord. Honestly, again, just incredible discussions at the afterparties meeting everyone, during the hackathon at the Stellar booth, and even in interviews in person getting real info explored with people I've only met online prior. Super nice, wow!

Figuring out final relocations this week was nice and then started contributing to the Stellar dev docs bounty project, which has been pro. Yesterday we got to go to Panama City Beach's Pier Park, which was really fun! Ate at Dick's Last Resort, where they made us funny insult hats and threw stuff at us lol! Also got to walk around the boardwalk area and see the beautiful ocean. Incredible waterfront oysters Rockefeller dinner, and K had a tremendous time shopping at VS and Crocs. Saw a lot of really cool, fun beach things and arcade, wow!
