This was a really fun week with K! Today, we are going paintballing by the mall where that Olive Garden is! Excited, it’s been a long time since I last did that. We had a super tasty chicken GF dinner on Tuesday. Plus, Sunday was Easter, and we went to a pop-up street art market! It was cool to see all the local entrepreneurs and their unique small businesses!

Also this week, I finished up the *Masters of Scale* interviews, which is awesome to get behind me. It’s been a great time going through that; just a couple hours left in the Abe Lincoln biography. I also got to make a super tasty rice noodle lobster soup. That was from a fun trip we took to H-Mart where we enjoyed some tasty soybean noodle soup, and K got cheesy rice cake soup! She was really excited to get me kimchi, inspired by some kimchi her dad got me over spring break that went great with Yen's baos!

It was a fun time visiting her grandparents and parents. We got to go to the 200th St. Patrick's Day Parade downtown via a fun bus trip :) (and their family watched on TV.) It was cool to see the crowds and the church around the sunny green-fountain venue, plus a quick healthy sandwich snack afterward. I did a lot of reading on securities laws and case text while visiting the family. Great progress, and we even got to go to The Track. K had a great time at the arcade, enjoying the *Jurassic Park* shooting car game. She was really excited over the Cinnamoroll backpack claw game, ski ball, and the exciting ticket-grabbing wheel. We also got a fun hand-heat water spiral.

Back to this week, we made yummy white-chip macadamia nut cookies after an exciting Sam’s trip together. We also had a crazy morning when I had a nosebleed everywhere while eating in bed, lol. We all had to wake up, and K ran to the store to get cleaning gear, yay! It's been a busy week finishing up the GME post, doing ABS DD, and exploring potential venture opportunities. Need to get back and review more info on Citadel’s background…
