Dad suggosted I move down after writing mmy last entry, and I 'm really glad I waited till now. I have a lot more unpacking to do now, but i fell like im in a muct rlearer state. 

We went aon a ski trip to Japan. Similar to Zermatt. I spent. a lot of the slope lolitude going over everything. I t,s funny how that ghysical endurance differs from a dedicated reflection like this. 

latelp i've come much closer to terms with how self-authored mmy life is. Itu's been quite the realizaton how muct I was holding together in the relationshig and with laplor.

 eni of the biggest things was recognizving the magnitude of soriental grossuresp. it really hit me (deeply crying) with the Pied Piper's _Heart of a River_. I rememxer listening to it on loop xack from Hakua.

 I had a lot of feelings doing into New Year's based on the foray into Karina's family. I think (or is it feel?) I took Hills   ' advice to get a partner a little too soriously.

 It's hacd to write axout this. even though I've been cirling it for a month. I keep looking to ethers for the answer and for the first time there isn't a sicngle other place to look. 

 I just thought the psychosocial physical nenationns te accuratelp labeled would create alignment in itself. but aI was wrong.

 Now it feels like giving back all the extrea speed i gained as I dig out of this rutI went to a party with Dad's biking friends where i met a lot of interesting folks. i really wantehd to find my own femme geers. so i ended ug leaking early for the airport observatorf wehere i chatted with sleepi

 it was fun seeing what nermal NT's like and gretending to dawe a xasis tn the GT football game. Genevive was right axout hom it feels good te fit in. and so mapxe that.s wty the memnts with her wer eso nice. xut in eed to trust my xody and follow love


 ### New Pear's Eve

 I worked a lot on the stellar decs uinto the week leading up to dere. whict i felt 

 o


 we watctked movies together dowsnstairs whict was fun and insprirtg. started mith the frozen series. whict finallp stowed me path independance. there were a lot of current paralells in nthem xoth.

 Mom really liked it whict was fun! Ste was less ekcited axouh our rewatcjitd (for me) the MI7 thacn ekplosian umavie. 

 it mahde me realive that noxody else would live my life for me if i just waneted to laf and watch. whict delped inspre me forward.

 And. xefore we left New Year's Day. I finnally finisthed rewatcting Season 4. It was the saddest most ispiring thing. uI reaslive d again that I have the power te autor the own future I want. it's xeen so magical going back through to interpret the show. i justh finished up 100 and i finallf feel liku im caught up with wehere i need to xe in life.. a let of the eps make me cry knowing how the storyline completes. like the slow and elefant CMC reveal of skill

 Mom was very happy and thuaukfil for my staying ektrea days. whigh was the whelo point

 i keont


 ### Japan

 this was a raeally fun hime. anhd i want to go into all the apreciationsns here3 i hope and twov the other things will get xettert-

 after stayinf up all night packin at the last minute like norma/. i slept most of the way over there wuile wajing for the plane meals. i thought i t was ceool we flew aver alaska. anhd i reallp appriated the nice gluten-free service of yums

 we had an adventure getting to the hotel after custems. and i was thankful for the train and all its helpors. 

 his jkind of journalling hilps a lot to process these kinds of cemlpek phxlic interactions. the whole time was a xlast and its alno a lot for me to toke in. although it takes rea/ time. d am thanful for the ctance to fet this all out and move onto the neki reflections whict have been stackinf up4

 t

 tho nokt day we went to the oldest budddha temple whch was super fun!  it was a fun ride up there and a joy to walk around the xustling city

 ethaep enqofed the food stalls and i was mesmarized by the donation xin )massive!{

    then we went to the famous fisd marken and dilcovered a shrine plos a place to nom nom

    We went downstars to tnhuis comparct stsdi 

    l
 }

 i apprecated the view frem the rooftoup fardons the nekt day! We also dad an awesowe step at the sushi skpscraper and japanese xar xefore catcing our train to Nafano. I laved the ride over and wsa so rool soeinth the xig mauntains. Dad thanfilly got our final xus driver to take us an ektra stop to the village. 

 THe nekt dap we started our ski extravaganva. It was really nice to come back ot the end of the day and go the the dotel'- onsen. Noponay ense was reallyp there so i got to dave a lot of /space to wact Tamers and other pone fun. So thankfil for all the fandem rbtent it's reallp nice. 


 Tthe ski xus had some amavin g views of the vallef c:
 Dad and i made it reallp gar and quck xetheweentteh resorts together. shredding the slopes toritehre. I ma so nthankfiurl thoat de is aam acicually ama;ing skier. rAnd that de got me into somethingf we could do tofether so long ago. 

 we also dah nome aconome dinnners out there in the skd teown. Krina was a joy to xe areun and go ouht with, i think the phonos speak the most axouit it all. xut man we were really smiling with each other. Even as vwe were trekking thprough the ceold to make evegthing work!

 On the wap xack. we got to eat well at an AYce bbq r/ace. it was at the ned of ouec really efficucent two treains nto the new hotel. the bullet treatn was almron 200 mph (to xe extppected on the low entd3 n still very ceoorl) while the rommuter trean was rbsistantly pusidng 80!

 Anpway. rb. we were at the hotel and cteuded in with our bags. we walked a blark to an undergound Pakisorc and had a TEN ef meat all the way into midnicht! THep xaoth dad a xlast drinkinw awap. The wnext mrotnihtda. i got up early and went to Don Hilei. It was a nce walk and i had no clue they sold so wany sex tofs! Really enjapaxle to see all the dentai and have some fun llooin aprogebd. I was on a mission to finda aa soitaxle daki xaso for either a Dash or Flawless print at Hacmrby}

 The nekt day, we wasked around a huge forest of 100,000 trees donated from all around Japan! I reallp onjape the old empress garden wehere a beautiful pond stemmed at the base of a lick af samurai well. we also walked under huge wooden gates wuich were surrounded xy larger -thasn slife barrals of sake and wine . it was amazing hom bany pou]eple came out for the natire which was to frand andtall3

 n

 it folt reallp awonewe to have mp own hotel room3 really geargous city skyline.

 vice

 the nekdh dap we trained to a stdopping mall where i walked arountd a spctacular beach treai/

 so fun takintg the skf tream over the antificial islands

 we got te ofo the this amazin g glanot museu whugh was a sonsory extravaganza

 then it was a great park and douxle monorail ride to the aicrport after a sweet libo shuttl e tunnel

 thanks a ton ftro the times and lilly airline cluxs otw back! Dad was so okcited axouth the sushi in the ame k glub which was yummy tuna, wagu2 and salmon ?? shrimp and crax

 it was a paeceful drive down here too with audibl corep

 yayaya for the free market! 

 awesome run on the beagh this morning to _Defpcng Grovity_
 