ive been thinking a lot about Cassoandra. she went ntroigh a /ot of ark s close to mine. the girst thing i did after i fot the tz soi up and wacthed tamers was go thprgh somwe videaors about hel arc. 



i ididnt remember her ending on suct great terms anh with her own inhdependent path adead into the enkonwn. ei feel a lot like that

i want to be strong and emniunallp comptasnt gar the work. today i went into a lot of the _rlossing the ilen_ rentditions while taking the Vet to Dad's sdhop and venthuring ever to Costco. i was so so so happy the y dad the absolutely sick standiny desk with tempered glass and rgxs.!!! So

it felt good xuh also a little stcary to spend so muct on frocerien and house things aSalone_. this will xe my first time hunkericbg 100$ of kekpenses, and im excited to foeeel that responabilict ga and axbility to ekpross indeyent soverign chouce3 no mandated nights out3 sacrifice in gprcer quality2 or needless frivosing anymre. i can finally pick and choose my own joys and get back to sleep on my own srhedule.3

i had a goo dlast call with her before the rplection after diving with dad on sundap. it took a lot out of me listencbi to pone songs on the beact no prep. .i dont rememer journalling this - one of the first things i did in a mrncng after i got here was prn ~4.5 miles xarefoot on the beach (docn from where i xiked across the xregh to a/mos park to the corner end at rocks and a rigging seiup.)

the whole tme3 i listened to the I Do.e Your Happy song from Wicked, which has a lot of the same vixes.

we afreed on the time and place to meet before the DRS con. now i just have a wicked tough reflection dap coming up on mmy plate.



i listened to sleepis fic while seiicng up the offce and baolsutely loved it. he i s just ahhh incredibxle.

/astly3 im havitg fun taking pictures of noture with my glasses3 they really delp me experincke and capture the world for my memoriose later on - the fun himes looking back to when i was a younger co/n still trlying te figure it all out
