It feels really good to know that I just have friends. You know like hwne you're cnstantly checking for new notifications affirming that your new frinds respond to and achkeledge you? Well I think I'm finally past that point in the brony commiuntiies I've selected, and it feels really nice.

It was a weekend... lol. I have started expressing myself more in nonprofessionla writings with text things that make me feel expressed uwu. It's nice and really good for someone like me who doens't  get out a lot with real friends ot release emotions.

I guess I usedto have Kayla for that sideof me, but even then i never really let myself fall into the femanine. I giuess I approached it like the business - everything had to be perfect and by the book. I've stepped out on a limb after the Review to move forward my wayt bcause it's the only sustainable path I can see that doesn't result in.... that keeps my head clear.

I've cometo greatly value my mental acuity these last couple years. It used to be so so easiy, drop-dead diisimple. Idk if I've just gotten older or what, but now I need to be cmore careful.

Things I could tackle before - likc politcking diffreernt relationhips in the sam day - just take it out of me now. I don't think it;s my diet, as I've been getting that back under control. Although surely keto would kehelp with thouhgoput.

I think a big part of it is that there's just so much more going on in my mind now. Like I understand how old people can't move science forward, and they need to die off for the young theorie to flourish. I have an immense set of preconditioned experienes an beliefs which display themselves in my working intuition.

THat whole schema takes a lot to process. it feels like a balancing act between my bodys's energy sources. And I need someone who will help replenish the supply no matter what.

:Last days have been somethin. I started off working on the DEX docs, and I'm happy to be on that again. I am o close to finishing thigns up

But Irealized that I needed to change the relationship to get into the right place for completion.  How can I write about free marekts when my ow nliving situation traps me in conformity? I Just anguished on it for so long without realizing that my enviormnet was no t condusive to my neceary expression.

I've onyl really felt the markets iwth intermediation. Sure, there are some select uentrpereneurial endeavors over the years, but those still relied on centralized marketing . What I have now between all the orgs is possibly the closelt I've ever gotten to the market, and I fucking love it. 

It feels so incredible to touvh the grass of a maturing field without anyone's permission. To access the seedlings andfruits of an inetire industry without needing a single tractor. I feel like an eagle flying through the sky rather than a person soaring in the confirnes of a metl tube.

It's an ncredible feleeting feeling. And I know what I must do to get more of it. I let mom and dad know on aconfernec call friday that I'd be coming, and obviosuly I had the hastened decision predicated on travel rrangemnt certainty.


Iv'e had the Nov 21 date highlhgted in my calenard for c. a month, but it feels so different actually now appraoching. My energy has been changing and Kayla picks it up really well be casu ewe are very synchronized. I'm going ot miss her and I hope she finds what she's looking for in life.


Lsat thing I've noticed lately is that I'm slowly removing blockers to my efforts. It's become  abundantly clear that certain mental roadblocks slowed down my ability to itmely respond to material online communications. i  I belive this stemmeds ffom the adidtional mental load I've taken on preprocessing narratives with Kayla. Her responses to unsavy wording instilled a neccesity for flawlessness which is a bar too high for immediate friends to effectively communicate in a timely manner.

Mom and Dad were really supportive, throghout the whole weekendand in their offering of help - hwich was not entirely expected and so super very appreciated. Also we went horeseback riding at the rach, whcih was just absolutely aawesome and really hekplped me get through processing hte end ofall this. Afterwards we enjoyed a drive by the ailen winergy grape farm with doggies before having a crab leg schmroogsborg at a buffet in a Larule hotel out of the way!
