I'm working through a unique challenge right now. It's a byproduct of not truncating 723, which I trust was the right call. I have found myself needing to hold the line on my own masculine decisions in the latter part of today. I enjoyed watching today's snow. It was fun to get to work once K left, and I got a meaningful post out. I made things public and am successfully expressing away the roadblocks to the DEX.

When I look back over my life, I see much of my current relationship points in my trading history. Crucially, I stopped all trading including assets around the time that she switched over. If both all trading incl. ancillary and this fiancé dissolve at once, I need to and do note the pattern. It makes me think of when I closed down the fund after its best year ever. That was akin to basically getting the ring and peaking after the forest walk chat, only to not propose and let fade away three months of custom nails. Back then, the exit let me deploy my own new capital at proper leverage. It makes me think about the doubling that could be even larger, and how a management fee would incentivize that.

I know asset management. And I know the conflict there as easily outweighed by continued trading, trading I did. But I step back, and particularly I look at my current pony work. It is very much a management of social capital akin to the early days of Kayla. I am relentlessly trading. Back then it was away from securities and particularly dropping forex for the business and K. Now I am fumbling K and work for this creative expression.

Over the years I've made good friends, and I really appreciate that. They have let me stop making certain trades. I think it feels good to not need to trade. To balance out the health effects of groceries with prepping time and longevity based on consumption periods and macros or taste. I take all my trading so very seriously and that makes it a big task to live up to my standards. I am okay. I am okay. I am okay.

I appreciate that I can run on my finances. I am looking to what the future looks like when and if I choose to focus all the asset management on DRS. It is a substantial undertaking that could be its own narrow path. I appreciate the trust they have in me to lead the charge.

I think about all the work that needs to happen to change the financial systems. Everything I want to give so that assets flow seamlessly in other sectors like the artists and electricity. I think a lot about the price mechanism and how it might be supplanted by friendsupport economics. That is a big result to bring to the market.

I look inward for so much of this because I am the first one doing it, and I love all the parts of myself I find. At the same time, I know that I have this high purpose. I think that maybe moving on from trading to the next needed thing mirrors what I picked here.
