just been thinking to myself a lot lately.  i was confused, but im doin a lot better now. it's just been a lot of accepting what I grieved these lastmonths

this weekend was really fun - Kayla took us out paractically the whole weekend. on saturday, she had a blast at the video game arcade place. we also go a frinkin couples massage!!

that was really cool and I think my first massag except for the hallway crap at Vegas this year. i feel so extrmeely relieved that i no longer need to interact with that industry's participants. and now i will mbe rmeoving alnother louad

after that  we got her tires rotated and some last items she might want at cost.c She was excited to go back, so we retunred for pinball all the way ip inutil they closed. We havd a lot of run playing racing, rythm, and shooting games together xoxo :3

Im sitll getting betteter at expressing myself with those little faees, and it 's made its way intoi my fmailiar texts. Lol i fkn put an UWU in the DRS discord today and nopony everyn said anything - lol it was coso cool!!! And ive found the wall for autumn, moving me onto PVCF expasion plans

Sunday was the bestest imo - we rode the train "Polar Express" service from the harity reailroad. There was an insane amount of poeple completley filling up the 8ish cards, and they had cops all around the parking lot. I talked to one and he said this was the biggest event of the town next to the free fair woww!

we got some really fun bells, which I cherish presuming i know where it is lol. fun to see poeple all dressed up for the holidays + pajama pants wiht personality. then we got her some sushi, which wshe really liked lol

shes been fawning thee last few days, which is something new to exprience. i guess this is how it feels when you;ve got nothing to lose. pi hope she keeps on doin well c:
