It’s been a long time - although lol idk exactly when last reflection was. Long as in a week or so, nothing insane. I was looking over the old physicla journals the other day and saw when I skipped _months_ of reflection at the start of polyphascic uberman

It was such a tie back then. I think about how things wouldve been if I was rested enough to check back on WSB. How it couldve worked out if I just acepting the rules of centrlized asset management and let things go

I can’t go back. I can never go back. Becasue they have kneecapped the price mechnaism of global capitalism so far bpast the acceptable fulcrum.



I went to my first pony convention !!! OWO UWU.   Teheheeee :)

I remember thinking about oding something like this growing up. I wanted to get a Dash fursuit for one of the last bronycons. But whne I saw the pricetag I just couldn’t figure things out

I’ve come a very long way sense then, and perhaps most importantly I’ve comforted with my own self. When I moved out of the house, I left my dreaded hair gel - which was a really big step for me to start walking away from exterior politics. It hurt a lot when Kayla remarked how she preffered my hair gelled, but then again it was my own fualt for starting the relationship off like that on our dates.

It’s been so mny years of trying to perform for everyone else, and I can’t express just how amaing it felt to finally do things for myself for a change. This weekend of pone was literally unbelievable and lifechanging. I have not felt myself in about eight years up until this convention.





I really appreciate htat nothing has ahappened at work - like there have been no professional consequences to my embracines ponies. I have started noticing that I am adult enough to have influence now, and crucially that has finally crystalized into a stable unique precense which does not need to bend to social nroms. That’s beeen pretty cool.

For instance, I was in pony town the other night (thankgiving actually after everyone went to bed, I was completely on rabies from the social stress and food intake). I met this girl and we started chatting on discord until things escalted t oERP - which I have like never experienced before.

That was a really fun and cool time like holy shit I ahd no clue I could feel those sorts of feelings both (i) alone and (ii) by interacting ith someone exclusivley through text - like wtf? So summm yeah idk that was a nice nut tho xd





On the first day of the con, I met with my roomates and Se.  Nathian and I went to the Wapi bricks, which sellls all the secondhand legos. It was a relaly cool experinece and li lovecesd the trains and start wars. I got a madnaloeron mnifigure and he got a bunch of insturction amnuals.

the next day Fridya was the really big day , and I wore the hot topic FiM shirt which was apparettly very popular on Sunday later on. For the first half of the dya, I went to a bunch of panels which were like actually fucking enjoyable nad hillarious. Hving done so many work conventions, I didn;t htink something like this waspossible so it was really and amazing breath of ffresh air.roomates were awesome and introcued me o. A bunch of peopple, and then I met some amazing ones on my own.

I got to tip Track and Melody then, which lead to meeting some of the ocol people around them too. Idk about the latter but I am extremely happy with hot the interaactions went on the firomer. Thorught the weekendand here, I got a bunch of stickers hwich im putting on my water bottle and skii ng heklpmet, andit looks awesome

It wfeels really nice to walk around with th bottle knowing that it rempresents everything I love and feel good abot indside. I was also at the con my wiht a totle I painted in college carrying the lieettle dash plushie fomr miniso. It was fun having them nad hagave me a firndly support vibe even hen I was walking between things alone that really helped botost my confidence being Ain a ppublic place.

Not like I needed I throught! This was basiclly the first place Ive ever been to where I was completely surrounded by people, but it literlally couldnt tell and felt great! Idk like ever y single person I met jsut made me feel better and added to me in a way thats extremely unique in general evnviroments




Anyway,I. Dorppepd all those off in the room to change into my suit for th e gala - where I was going for a tke on Shining’s cancterlot wedding. I think it came out pretty cool, but lol most poepleprobably just htought I t was a nice suit. Anway I got there and waited around a little hwile everyone got food and the jazz quartert did a really awesome job fplaying some extceotional remakes form the song which were so fun!

Then a DJ cmae up and people started dnaving and um… lol I just started dancing with random girls! OMg it was like so fun - hahaha ive never felt so free before! Wed just do some back and forth during random songs and then move around to other mares. It was a really cool feeling and led me to meet some really exceptional beuties

 Thats where I’ve found new fodder for the relational thoguths which will come across in the lgbt blog. It’s been a hwile since I had people look at me like that, and even intentionally getting physcial ith me later in the night. Ill keep freflecting on it and bring things together there, ebcause there are way more things im grateful for which are easier to write about rn




After the gala, we jumped straight into Melody’s set, and he hit so fucking ghard and amazing it was ltierally the greatest thing ever! He was kind aenogh ot give me some CDs and sign em later - and some of those tracks popped off on the show this ngiht. Omg it was flkn unbelievable how good it elt after that fdance to completley freak out to this insane music which latley has felt so deeply bounfd to my soul’s desires

I literlaly felt like a different person on the moon by the end of that set, it was so fkn cool. Gah and it was so fun handbanging right next nto the stage !




Needless to say, I was hooked on the artists and stayed for the many acts that continued for the next six hours. This is when things started getting a little crazy, and overall it was a really fun time. I didnt expect how much my body would hurt the next day form all that action LOL - and man idd it just feel eurphoric in the moment

I appreiacte that they gave out ear[plugs at the door becuase they were sorely needed ! And yeah it was jsut amazing artist after amazing artist taht night, and people absolutely loved it all.

After it ended deep into theorning, I couldnt slow down - partly becuase I ddind’t bring any blue-light glasses. Then I heard a group singing cakareoke in the lobe ena d joined them. Omg I had no clue how amazingly insanely fun it was to do songs from the show and communiy like that.

I joined in on Kirin Tale which is absolutley fucking amazing, and all of a sudden I was re-enjoying music from my childhood that I’d listed to o soo very many times becuase of their incredible inspiring emsage. When I got the mic, I had them do _Light of Your Cutie Mark_ errr lol sry _Pony I wnanna Be_. I thought it was the coluratura stage song in my head, but it was actually like the fkn perfect one in reasoly.

When I was singing my lungs out with unbelievabley suprising passion, things really clicked that this was sincerely the peice id’d been ignoring and missing all these years. I think some tears came as I went into the third reprieve becuase that’s ltierally exaclt yhow I fely my whole life until that weekend where I jsut got to unshamily and greedily by e myself for the frist time






—-

Eventually Liobby security came and hsut us down becuase I was insnaely loud. But not before a number of bystanders got some videos, so definaley ythere are people out there iwth frecords of this all. Tehe I thought about that a lot, becuase even uring the concert I had photos taken of me doing some pretty insnae shit without my knowing, which have made it onlie 

And like, you know what like fuck you! I have gotten to the point that I now trust my instincts, and I am just like comepltely done dealing with things that piss me off. I used to go through everythgin to udnerstand an opposing viewpoint fully, but notwithstanding it’s like not amymore mna fuck you!

Sure yeah I am happy to go into debates abotu thigns and such. But it wiil ll not be lapping up the bullshit spewed by wall st andother fucking second longer. They can shove it because I have better thing s to build that compeltlely obviate thier horeshit.

And so one thing ive throught about with political optiocs all these years is unflattering public displays. This was arelatively public event, in the sense that anyone could walkinto the hotel lobby and walk around the open area where a lot of conversations happened. 

In fact, one of the awesome nwew friends I made was promintely freatured in the local news with many adouringing photos of thier cosplay. So to say this oculdve been a media event (shit , and may become one. In the distant fuutre) is relly not an overstatkemete


I tell you what, I appreciate that I am given independence and not recongized mby anyone ehere. I say that like im some fucking big shot , biut idk maybe that could happen on e day. I[ve had this thign for a very long time where I concern over that Russian plant thing where they have a really hot woman target a sucecessful guy

I understand that there are edge cases where she will have a whole family with the dude other than gain politicla things and such. I am probably blowing it tout of proportion, but like Elon musk fkn tweeted about it so idk am I??? Anyway, I thought just having Kayla with an affirmed strong base would be the awensere to that, but it was an exceptionally ecentralized viewpoint

I guess, at a certain point beased on the next Macro, I’’ll njsut need to live with that as one of the many risks in life. And honestly I feel a lot better about that now knowing that for instance ofne of the girl I danced with fuckign vibed insanely hard nad literally cosplayed as flawless. Like there is al evel of bullshit detection you can perfomr wihtin the fandom insasmuch as whether or not someone gets hte slanderg and lingo  - so at least thats an easy red flag to identify

And like not to goo on too long about htis, but I can combine that wiht my focus on red flags in a more pronounced way going forward. Perhaps just even observance of anything like that and care towards ensuring integrity can take me up a big step. Conscious effort should see past that deceipt, ingers crossesd


Erhm yeah so the enxt day um a lot more aweomse panels, althogh I slept in until 2pm so I missed a few tehe lol. Then there was another concert, whic hstarted just as awesome for many hours. I had a relyl good time jamming out

Ive particually enojyed dancing wiht my eyes closed, it fee;ls connected to my sunsconscous and just lets me think wihtout ackoneledging anyone passively. Gagin iwht hte ignoring cameras and just being unfiltered no matter the scene in the con - it just helps me to ignore the social (i) reactions and (ii) conseunsus . / status quo of how everyone else is dancing - becuasei jsut want to exprsss my own feelignsi n moption

Later that night I went to the penthouse to do profesisonal real staged karoeroka and met one of my new firends. We setup to do a duo, but honeslty buy voice was compeltley shot sitll from the night before and I could barely speka. I saw a lot of fun epople I met there and man idk I jsut hvent really had friends (outside work baha) like in eight years basically,and mand  it just felt really really good to be there.

Sunday came after an extended night of partying with some of the last people awake. I loved speering into some of the mare fair dynamics and interaperonsal soties. Even therough I found soem politics in this topic, it was all fun and games that still kept a smile on my face rather than anythign too serious for equine horses.

So lol I got up at 1pm and whent to soem of the tail end event softh eshow. That mornign was the newlewegd events at 1am which was fun, but absltely nohting comparted to the pony mad libs which was like 2am or something . This was seperrate from the lobby chatting iwth new older firends whod been putting out anon art for literlaly over a decade, which I thought was cool - esp when combiend wiht the insanely life plushes which spourted out hten

Just as mad libs was really fun, I really enjoyed the singing songs panel where you filled thing in from the first day. I didnt realize just how amazing music was at mental simutlation until then and also when I came listening to Vylet for that ERP. This last day , that culminated into con stories panel from some of the biggest names around - and btw the music thing is supported by Hill which was cool when giving it another listen movin out

Then I went to dinner with all the DC bonies, and that was a ton of fun. I teastsed the lead guest fren about the Tamers’ interpretaiton of Braeburn (his husband) and had an abolute blast. The fren in the news shared stickr that reads “on top of the world” with care package nad apple bottom, and that’s really how things felt as they finally died down in the end.


So thanks for that Charlie, because man it really was soemting. It was nice to talk and I will make true on my prmise to get the payments systems streamlined, in time. The art here is just so exceptional that I cant imagine a worthier cause of disintermediation.



—-


So thaknfigving was fun too. It’s nice to see family, adn everyone is godiing well. Lot of laughing and joy without the motional baggage handigng aorund anymore.



Packing was good and fun - I guess to the extent a week of nothign is lol. It feelts ood to start putting the peices of my life away in an organized place. I feel great being able to walk forward knowing I have too less physicall baggage tying me into place.

I just loaded up the car and drove it to the con. Then I t was a straight shot home. I through t about doing a play on the TA-1 with all this going down, but I jut odn’t think that’s super approprieate given their confidence. They have been really nice, so I’ll return that for now, especially too because I just need time to rebuild my badnwidth

I rekeyed my boards with (i) naweosme new mlp bass bar and Dash escape keys from the vendor hall - where btw I got some fkn sick as hell flawless swag - and (ii) DVORAK. I will start transitioning Monday, which im excited for. I know itll take a while but theres literally no reason to delay that change any longer. Ive clearly seen how menaingful writing is in my carreer, and theres no excuse to do it at half effiecny and with the pain in my leeft wrist. Idk but after that skateboarding fall it just hasnt been great because that was the fucked up arm, and I dont have like etc etc for hospital



So yeah I am happy and gdoing well. Things are comign along and I like how it’s all goin. Mom has been great andwe had fun cooking ‘together’ through our own things these last dyas. Chris and Christopher and Taylor are all doing really well too, and lol we’re having fun together and with grandma and grandpa

It was fun decorating the tree and wathcign al ittle mlp and listening to really fun music on thanksgiving to copre with the pressures. I realyl appreciate htat ive found the things in life that can recharge me when im drained. It gives me much more conviction to pour it all into work knowing there are outlets to rejuvinate my spirits when I need support and reassurance.

Beign able to go back to the gym every morning, I nedeiantly feel too tho that I have more just in myself indepdnently again. It’s nice to be stong here just with myself. I alwyas felt like half of the masculine-fmainine arc until I found again my love for the show, and that’s something thats really so special to me now.

I have to also thank the intensity of the DEX documentation work, becuase without that - none of htis owuld;’ve happened. The SEC revierw tprimed the pump and got me to the breaking oiint, but it was the neccesity of completing the DEX docs which pushed me over the edge. Once I realized that I coudln’t do what I needed to do (to get to my goals) with that surroudning, I was bale to make the tough call with the most amoutn of clarity one has in somethign like this

since it was hte first real relationship, idk it was hard. I hope it will get easier if this needs ot happen again going forward. Idk I dought it will so ive been a little gaurded and distant from women latley, espeically hen they remind me of a draw back into politics of attraction and such - its just not like a big yay


Like last night I went with dad to the store to get the studio on blck Friday. We had a good time talking about his marraige stuff at lunch, while we charged the Tesla - which I thoguht was coool. Afterwards we went to a bar wot meet up with some other firends, and there was a cool market outside

I had fun walking around and then we chatted until his friends hsowed up and all had some beers. They were pretty old and I guess souccessful but kike all I could was retreat into my own mind and think about my plans and options for the future, where I felt embraced by epople I actually like. Notwidsthanidn,g I did notice myself having al ittle more socialble leeway aeven there with feminne energy in changce enocunters like on the way t othe water jug lol. 

Anwyay the bigger hting is we then fdrove to a party for gf friend family thing of Dads. There were a bot u a dozen poeple there, and we had fun like eating a bunch of steak and tasty veggies. I met her 19-yo daughter Sara who idk like yeah she was hot whoopie. My type? Lol not really 

No clues about the fandom or even esports, which was like damn. The world and even primal aprts of me excpect tmyself to rocket towards that, but like I just feel absolutely nothing and couldnt care less looking back. Its different and challenginginegeing-er in the moment wihen things are right there and so easy to grab. Idk tis just like who tf cares like why does this (i) matter and (ii) need to take so much  bleh

Idk, im figuring things out. Its like wiered because people are just often (largely girls but also there was this business-major financial planner at prudential who was the same way) insantely preduictable based on theri past and psyche, which can be reltively easily picked up quickly for non-complex epople. And idk its just like (i) feels a little exploitive to bring someone like that into bed? (ii) not intellevctually stimulating to continue requesting information and (iii)  unprogressive towardsmy objectives to engage in such short-term behaviours. I want ot build something realy and, while I m happy to entertain limited family requests, I need my own space and relationships to do so well
