Whew that was quite the last week and a half. I am comign to appreciatge again this place ot write back how I did when it was still rpivate. I have coime to prterms iwththings being public in all aspectsx, which I appreciate becase it was not an easy thing to accept.

Iv ma excite nad happy to get ot colabroate iwth eveyone through public form this like because it's the only way t ohave a decentralized entity without controlling forum. Lol I guess tghose are backmwards, and i am glafd I have hte wherthical to ntice that. IT;'s been tought as I gigure out what I need in solutude and space  latley.

I hope that I can keep getting that from Kayla - i really do. I have a pony event staged or later this month If I can get things off on a roll the xe nextn weeksx . I really hope I'll find some anwerssx there that help lcear onmy concsiuicen.

I also get to circle around with some friends today around the closing working items for Wall St differntiation. I have been anticipating this wfor a long time and working on all these secup factors. I feels really good to finally shot and wlak past all that politciking.

Also very close to finishing up on the xlm side/ IO tseems like i will need to tkae things by the horns. This will beth efirs time I really ju mp on the bull and steer direction there, and that's a big change of role I wasn't expeteting tbh.

I've come to realize a lot when thinkign baout that, even though I know my immediate focus needs ot be on the DUNA. IT'js a very centrlaized role that needs executiong just right , and I feel guilty fiving anything less than my contant all to perform around it. And don't gibe me that shit about flaming out, becasue you have no idea how fuin the poly trading wx as if I Just didn't have bullshit priniple idstractions.

Im doing better glancing past my hatred for the old insitutikons. I am thinkign happier thoughts, evne if I cna't shake the feeling of needing to be alone. I had problems way long back around personal life satisfactionm, and that has never corssed my mind after figuring out my goals back at 16. 

Also I keep making friends with trans girls, adn I jsut want to say like lol so much fkn easier than real women. Like I just appreciate the ruprighntness that doesn't leace me filtering every waking wor=d through a beucratic process. And again I sreally appreciate this space to write out feelings that manically crowd my whead whne left unnatended

---

Just got back from a trip to hilton head, where te K familiy has a timeshare. I've been weaiting to venture out here since first learnign baout it, but it wasj ust rally busy all these last years. Well now I finally go out there, andd it was cool - really  fun - sto sit on the dick right byt the house fishing. 

I'm getting better at acxcepting nature ofand my own parth of cactions as a given course., I have learend to stop waitign for a double-chekc of natural fi[princples -- letting things flow freely and fall into placement. Still completley aobsessed with the  timing of number stamps, ahnd they have been serving me really well these last omnots.

#We saw her Dad, grandmpa, mom , anunt, and some ocusins. It weas great hearing more about their stories from communist vietnam, undersetaiong how th govenrment manpulated everything through their central control. I appreciate theri persepctive, and what a grerat iopporuntiy to expand my horizons thes lsat years chatting with all

                                                                  THer's a lot to do now that i'm back, and I feel a lot better letting some of this out. Other times I turn to music which boost my psyche and develops my subsconcious. I have been doing eally really well latlely  with picturing and bringing in ideas to fruitoikon by reality.

                                                                  ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooook I miss that feeling of what happiness was like, and I hope I can find it soon. I've been recharding my batteries on X feeds full of ponies, which has been awesome and even led to some new friends. I'm going to bring more of that into myh life with extreme caution because I'm hinding around very ccentralized relations at the moment
                                                                  
