A lot happening around me right now. Like I'm happy and thankful for GitHub always showing a blue icon on my inbox so I don't have the direct ability to know when new things come in, so that I can focus on whatever I'm viewing. After making a ruckus a month ago, I've also come to appreciate the neighbors' little cheers and such as they are happy and becoming themselves.

I'm doing better at accepting people and I appreciate the view this whole situation has shared with me on changing people. It combined with my experiences of class operant conditioning and capital allocation. I need time to perfect those concepts, which thankfully per a call with Pam like I have 70 years lol. I appreciate that but also like I'm just trying to figure out my next stepped approach.

It helps a lot that there are certain reliabilities like this journal and the new relationship site. That has helped me a lot combined with talking to friends about what's going on and presuming love and compassion. That's something I've found in spades with the bronies which has just been really super cool. I so look forward to seeing what that might grow into.

I know I need space and time and independence and solitude. I swear I will find everything possible and make peace. Just had a VC with LRF and it is nice to have people that understand these mammoth pressures to get the work done right.

Like I said with him, it's just been a lot more human interaction lately. And I know I need to keep going down that road to properly decentralize and delegate. I am scared to take the needed jump which keeps veering towards my own centralization of efforts away from her.

It's just I'm coming to realize how hard I need to hit to penetrate fully. And it's a bar I thought would be lower. I wish I had the ability to lift us both over together, but I just don't feel like I can afford the hesitation to slow things down for "deadweight" (LRF coin).

I've spent so many years, and (lol I guess this was my TED Talk portion) I did so much to satisfy the needs of these entrenched bureaucracies. I properly disassociated from individual identities and perspective. But maybe I didn't realize just how important it would be for me to change those heads over time.
