I hadd a chat wiht Kayla baout tkaing a break and some time alone, and things went really amicably. I am also learning to better write political things for  friends. Bob brought up a very good poiknt on some DTC lies, and I was able to shoot of a quick reply without spending na hour citing a ton of sources.

THat is a big step for me, and I had little to no anger rarise. I appreciate the rpobress  iveb een bale to make on that front in ignoring thenold bogus and such. I also  got to go to the dentist today with her, and we hare both feeling a lot better now.

The work is piliing up, but I am doping betterr with limited perious of quieet. I appreciate all the pictures we have togetheer tand support I've received from drs friends in wokring through this. It reminds me of hte time I spent bitching about dropping otu of colleege to become a  train engineer.

I really do wonder what  thigns would be like if I went down that orute. Kaytla was for all practicle purposes the only thing that stopped it from happening, and led  to my hunkering down for years at the expenese of early TAD development work. I never refelt like those last yearrs were anyhting more than checking a beuroccatic box at hte expense of my life and creatgivity.

Back  htne., i was just  so  curious as  to what was out there, and  i  didn't wnat  to miss outo n any sort of "higher education" even though I'd alrea
dy excelled in Masters-level courses. I spent dos os much  time perusing  the couser catalog  and idiving into descriptions or syllibi  to get a  grip on what was  possible to be  taught. Buy  the time I was at year 3, I suppose I wanted to wrap it away out of a sense of obligation to mfamily who had do ne so very mcuch prepareratory work to allow my attending college.

Also, InVenture was  a really cool exprience that hagave me a lot o f neede confiddence before Cormac, and i felt a little indebted for that. SO I suffered through that least year up  to Dec 2022 while basically getting nothing of use, and I  realyl do mean that compared  to the yearlier years . I just was  not built to be thate gigachad megabrain solo dev kinda thing, and I accepted that on  my second attempt for inetegral calc to the betriment o f margket ambititons.

But now Im in a ccentrlaized role that  iss all  my own creation. And it is strictly _not_ neccesary to  the acomplishment of my mission, eassuming even  that it does not detract  from my goal  (which is mildly generous). I know love is important, and I Don't want to fall into the devoid pit seen in Sayleor. 

I want to  findd it again someday, adnd I really have pause with my current moves. She just got  me an awesome Dashie push, and it wqqas so so ccute. I know that I love her but I just can't stand in  this envromnet anymore , sort  of like how it was way back then with my Mom                   (thnaks for that muature presective ffrom experience btw <#)
