Ugh it's like 8:something and I can't sleep brug.

I have been having such a hard time getting to bed lately because my mind is always racing with ideas.

Normally, basic meditation gets rid of this shit, but it's just been impossible for me to do so lately.

## Pre-planning

So preplan/scheduling my days went out the window years ago. It was just way tf too much work. And I could innately tell what I needed to do the next day based on gut feel.

When my time is abundant and my capital scarce, I think this is fine and dandy. But as of late my time has been more and more scarce. Namely, I'm dreading an upcoming meeting with a potential Reg CF client from WhyDRS community.

Like I would really just want to work on the open source coding necessary to bring the Syndicate to the next level, but here I am talking to one fucking person. It's an awesome person with a stellar idea, background, and experience idk but it's still just one person. That's something that fundamentally does not scale, promotes gatekeeping, and hinders global/permissionless/true innovation.

## Need for change

Clearly something is wrong here, which has only truly started to emerge because of the incredible Stellar work these last few months. Ever since I started working on that FOSS bounty, fuck it never ended. So many holes to fill and gaps to bridge — for the world at large tbh.

I remember how intuitive it was to learn Stellar through the free documentation, fuck I just wish we had that for everything. It would literally obviate the need for college because you could just learn whatever the fuck you want and then apply it in practice via transparent SRC. Guh.

So, I'm thinking I need to change my daily schedule up. Particularly, K has been complaining that we don't get enough time together lately because she works till 11. I'm definitely the fuck not staying up to 11pm because damn that's crazy late.

## Plan

Notwithstanding, I think I need to re-introduce my end-of-day reflection ritual, which means doing this each day (at a minimum). This used to start at 7:30ish each day, but that time has expanded to require extensive flossing and focus thereon per actually cleaning my teeth. Jdiosafj iofsj iodsfj diof jdsiofj.

And again, the meditations just aren't cutting it for me. What I really really need is an infrared sauna. Then I could combine the meditation with an end-of-day detox (physically).

God that would be awesome and I want a house/complex where I can build that in so goddamn bad (ideally naked but also that's kinda gross idk because I surely wouldn't bother with all that sweat). So yeah here's my idea:

---

Move bedtime from 8pm to 9pm.

Start planning things to do the next day again (to maintain focus and actually have a sense of achievement at the end of the day). E.g. these last few weeks it's been impossible for me to power off my PC because there's always something more that needs to be done. This was the case for years and years researching the securities frameworks. But it's like actually bad for my well-being. Namely, I'm always reacting to things leftover from the day before. Historically, this has been the only way to approach things because I didn't have a reliable means to document shit (e.g. sticky notes times a million Jesus). But now holy cow it's easy af to get stuff reasonably documented through issues, it's like nothing. So I can just keep that done in my end as applicable... gg no more mental clutter from 1000,0000 open Chrome tabs absolutely killing my local performance.

Do meditations after the reflection entry, whenever get done idk but definitely circa some time lol.

Fuck I'm tired, but thankfully I'm still thinking straight because I'm at least back on gluten free after that indulgent trip.
