Yay what a fun last couple nights with K. First one, she surprised me with an early arrival home after a fun day of work. She was so excited to chat and be together.

I'm really thankful for the close family I get to be a part of and enjoy. I love hearing about everyone's personal progress and growth. And I love the life we've made out here together.

I was very thankful to get all the things recently documented for the Stellar community. I appreciate that everyone is listening to my opinions and it seems really looking into the background contexts I can help share. I'm so glad that one person told me about the _Great Taking_ early on.

I really appreciate the incredible ambition some people show by just creating their own free software projects. They're doing something so special and incredible, and I appreciate the opportunity to award them. Gosh I'm so happy we can build these improvements into the common level of humanity.

Tonight K and I had a puzzle night with the Baby Yoda from Christopher last Christmas. It was really fun to see the pieces fitting together while we watched a "Puzzle" movie lol! K made such an incredible salad, I really appreciate her cooking.

Also, she's taking me to a burrito-filled lunch tomorrow which is so thoughtful. I appreciate all the ways she touches me and makes me feel loved. And I'm so happy for my Dad and thankful he keeps the family together on his side. And of course so thankful for Mom and all the love she shares, can't wait for the opportunity to uncover a trip to visit her soon.
