I've been thinking a lot about giving other people the freedom to make choices that I appreciate so mcuh laterly. I remember being a kid and having the choice of what to do taken away, and I appreciate wholeheartedly the perspective on autonomy that gave me. I always recall the days forced into centralized learning rooms, and I sincerely appreciate the disdain that gave me for a forced organizational structure.

Today I was slighted minorly to people I care about, and I appreciate the understanding that gave me about high-GI processed rice, agendas relating to my objectives and directives, and pushing actions onto others. I really love the creative things K does whne she's in a happy mood, and I just appreciate so greatly how she makes me feel cuddling together at night, while she believes wholeheartedly in me. And I appreciate the self-directedness I've been able to master and share over the years, which I believe transcends the directive three daily goals agenda on the subject of preplanning workplace tasks.

I also really appreciate the stomach pains because that taught me today that I ought consistently plan my food and dates with K the way I used to so that it becomes second-nature during execution. I'm really thankful we got out painted pumpkins from the gym, and that reminds me graciously to continue always seeing the positive spin andlight. I'm thankful that I finally understand just how messed up things are, ebcause now I am free to enjoy myself, embrace the community, and focus exclusively on the positives as we continue building up towards this transition to ea stellar world where the goals are shared, implicit, and loved.
