Firstly, I'm very thankful for this new opportunity to get back on a proper sleep schedule. I feel flawless, which I hesitate to say, but really feeling impeccable after going to the grocery store today. I grabbed some chard and kale greens; cooked them up to a delicious green smorgasbord with eggs.

It feels so stellar to be back eating healthy, especially yummy greens. K made some delicious soft-boiled eggs to go along with them. Ug so tasty!

Also got to enjoy some interesting nut butter from warehouse club lol, good on the pecans. I just am happy to be back on a proper diet, and I guess I'm thinking about it since I spent a lot of time today with food. Maybe one day I can make enough for K to stay home for it.

## On K home

She's been hinting at me lately that she is tired of working. I always knew she just wanted to be a girly girl that stays at home. God I wish so urgently that I could give that to her in a way that doesn't jeopardize my long-term goal.

Love starts to feel really nice, and I just really appreciate that feeling. It's kinda weird and something that takes time, certainly.

Again, just really appreciate her trying to help around the house. Loved seeing her so happy at the Sabrina excursion.

## Day info

Some exciting work today in re Syndicate business and community growth. I definitely feel like I got sucked into things without those daily goals. Perhaps I can just write them in here for the sake of not duplicating file/dir names.

That's how it was in the physical journal. But it also had a daily scheduling thing. Now that I'm out of school and such, and truly independent at least now from financial burden, I don't think the precise daily scheduling is as necessary.

I really appreciate the discipline it gave me, but truly seems like something tied to antiquated principles of asynchronous work. That's why I try to keep the meetings to a minimum, which I think I'm doing well at. Love that they can be a useful tool for conveying key emotional arguments which so often get lost in black and white, well at least without extensive work making memes and framing nuanced emojis and such lol.

```
- Finish #723 channel accounts page (don't have to perfect the TODO issues, but would be nice framing)
- Follow up with Ken (Bur private client application and options) and Laylor (thinking we presume they r dead? try talking to Lily)
- Frame AQUA reply as reintroducing the NYSE intermediation challenges, externalizing path routing work to the ecosystem instead of core payment standard
```
