## Morning

Had a weird dream last night where Dad texted me that Christopher had a car crash and needed help in California. So I booked a flight and met him at the crash site. He was Tokyo drifting too fast around a mountain bend corner lol.

When I got there, he told me that I need to stop listening to Dad so much (I never called him or anything); said that it would be better to do things for myself and such. Then I got trapped in the restaurant nearby with him.

For some reason, the owner was crazy and we both wound up there for some time at the close. Then we tried to find somewhere nearby to stay the night. The car was stuck on a hill in the forest, and Christopher didn’t want to call the insurance company for fear of rates going up.

I lamented at the silliness of insurance when nobody actually uses it and such. We found a nearby home for sale, and it looked nice so I was just like let’s buy it lol. But there were people inside with all their things, and they didn’t want to give us a later tour, especially since someone was coming the next day to stage the house.

Great night and surprisingly exciting weekend, after pivoting plans away from karaoke (moved to next week). Yesterday we went to pick apples at the orchard on about the last day of the season. K took her pretty pics by the remaining flowering trees, looked so happy.

I was so thankful for the gorgeous ride out to the orchard, where we saw the beautiful fall leaves across the trees. Loving the time we get to spend together in our own little world out here. Also was Mom’s birthday and she had an incredible time with parents and Chris with flowers back in CLT.

She got a randomly marketed book gift delivered the other day, which was weird. Some agency that did some of the Grant Cardone stuff, which I appreciated growing up. I love that capitalism allows the whole world to work without any central totalitarian intervention.

That has really been inspiring me lately. Seeing how the profit motive alone can efficiently organize vast amounts of labor—it’s just breathtaking when I really think about it. And it makes me ponder over how much influence I really have with my purchasing power.

## Evening

Today K told me about how she felt after the night I proposed to her, as disclosed publicly in the WhyDRS Discord. Holy fuck, I was not expecting what she said. So damn, I'm gonna need to explain the context to get this.

---

Okay so it was the day I found out about the WhyDRS site, and sent that initial email form submission. Man what an incredible day. I was literally glued to my screen every second of the day since I found it all.

Namely, (and relevantly), I didn't eat the entire day because I was so enamored with it all. But this was a problem because I couldn’t afford keto back then. So my mind went fuck big time work mode the entire day.

Since I didn't have the mental capacity to think at all about social relationships, I made some material mistakes that evening. It was such a huge evening. And something so key to K herself.

---

First thing was that K had been planning for this day for like the whole week. It was something really special to her. And the idea of having a Disney date night was at least 3 weeks old, on her part.

So the concept is you pick a random Disney movie, and the date is that you get to make the food from the movie. Then you bring the food out as the movie goes in the same order as the movie. So like for this one it was Ratatouille, and she brought out a plate of strawberries and cheese when Remy ate strawberries and cheese in the show.

So she researched the movie a fuck ton. Apparently, as I learned today, she watched the whole thing’s scenes where there was food to understand exactly where it mattered. And she even asked if I could cheat and eat cheese for her special date night.

She used to propose a lot of date nights, in an effort to make my life a little easier in re so much work. But she hasn’t really since then, and indeed she made me a “date night jar” for my last last birthday back in ATL as something to draw from randomly when I am too lazy to plan a real date.

---

I used to spend an ungodly amount of time planning dates. Fuck I would map out every single restaurant we could go to that I wanted to take us. But there were always more locations than dollars to pay for those dates.

Man I think so much of how incredible those nights out would’ve been if I had the cash. She was sooooo much more feminine back then. Oh my gosh it was like a cat that could absolutely never get enough attention — gah so cute.

But I see now that this was because I made things so easy for her to feel comfortable. And that's exactly what the fuck isn’t happening now that she has to work full time. God, I know she “likes it,” but she has explicitly said that she would much rather just chill at home all day.

I know she wants to be a stay-at-home wife, and I just hope to God that at some point we can finally have that financial security. Namely, this really attracted me to her early on. It was incredible to find someone that could just support my ongoing efforts emotionally.

But now she's supporting them financially. And that's fucking unacceptable in my book. It's about as bad as me living at home with my mom.

Funny I think of that now, since it's something I certainly could’ve done with my own office in the basement at her new house. But I knew so wholeheartedly that that would’ve ruined my drive and sovereignty. Seriously, I doubt I would have made it past the 2022 Aug struggle if it wasn't for paying so damn much rent to those Wall St motherfuckers at 144.

---

Anyway, all that's relevant because today she told me about how she felt absolutely soul-crushed by the night. For context, she was crying crying crying by my side begging me to do the Disney date dinner. I thought she was crying and so emotional because I asked her to marry me.

She responded with a pretty tender “of course, baby” and a kiss. But man I was so tired she had to lift me by the chin (I was lying face down on the ground) just to meet her lips. Fuck that was such a key moment for her I now understand _not_ because of the proposal.

It was all because she felt that her “investment” (but not in quotes because it was a real fucking investment) of time, efforts, and money was completely wasted when I denied her the opportunity to have her meal fresh. For context, she literally worked every fucking hour outside of school and the gym on that meal. And the next next day we went to Sam’s and used her dad’s credit card to get the microwave she'd been begging me to get for forever.

---

God it makes me realize how god damned evil fiat is. Ugh I can finally understand it in a way that just didn't click before. It was because I robbed her of the payoff from her investment that she told me today she's been putting in less effort and really let herself go (OK not really but like she gained some weight at least).

She quit softball of her own accord while I was in EUR. Ugh, all I had to do was accept the universe’s offering in a tender, outstretched hand. It was rewarding me in such a special way for the years and years of work with this incredible community and a perfect dinner date to celebrate.

But I blindingly refused to cease working. Indeed, the next week+ was an exceptionally key week to my life due largely to the recent context of FTX and ofc the Edgar comment. Man I seriously considered cc’ing the New York Times on that letter because it means so much to me.
