wow, another incredible day! Honestly, really helping me out this new bedtime thing! Namely,i got up at 5a this morning which is a marked improvmeent from last few weeks at 8 or 9. Geeze that was just horrible. 

Also, as an aside, I am LOVING the ability to turn the brightneess down on my macbook so that the screen is dark while I type things. This i s seriously an stellar feature that makes it soo much easier to type shit like this without worrying about typos. Gah always the typos interrupting my flow of throught!

Today I was thinking a lot of about outsiurcing and dcectnralization. Naelky, I was thinking about how Russel B talked about only recording the audio segent of his podcast before handing it off"" to the "tech ppl" at work that turn it into a public episode. Thi sgot me thinging:

## Speciialization

It certianly seems like open source helps people specialize in ways that they can sel-fidentify. This is like super cool--- stellar --- because wow you get to pick whtat the fuck you want to do. Damn that's a huge imporvment over existing command-and-control work regimes.

Seriously, I don't understand how more people don't venture into eutnrreprneurship given how gucking much a boss that's directive sucks. Maybe thisi swhy Uber and such are so damn popular. Seriously just the time freedome you get is honeslty worth not having to report to a damn limo boss man.

Was strange/bizarre to tsee those old yellow taxis floating around NY, persumably because of the govenrment monopoly mandate per extensively left (or is it wright) learning city politics. K said she was super suprisedat how they looked, and that it wasnt at all what she expected them to be like. I also remember walking past an auto perair shop called"joes yellow dixer" or soething like that that only fixed up yellow cabs. 

## Loal biz

The shop was really neat, an open-concept aechanics' haven Super efficient stright door to the street and just a rectangular work room . What caught my eye was theat the sitting area (presmabley for clients waiting on servie) was made of recycled car backeasts/.

For me, that traelly showed that the properitor thereof sincerely understoof his clientelly in the sense that htey were probaly pretty smart to do that and such. Yay decentraliztion. Yay expriened indsstry intellignee.

## DVORAK

Holy hsit my fundsgers are hurting and I seriously need to swap over to DVORAK. fuck man.

Thats fongga cost me such so muhc money in re swapping laptoips out. like damn fuck is it even possible to recall both dvorak and qwerty?

I'm alreasdy shit in the sense that I don;t naturally retun all of the fingers to the home row. Maybe this would help with that? IDK but the straiin here is just absolute dogshit



```
- href wooten.link/imo to x meme
- remaining two from yesterday
```
