Man I've just been so thankful for so many things in my life lately! Ugh this weekend was incredible with K! I got to go to the mall with her and see her so super happy to celebrate her bonus.

K got a 10k bonus this week which I'll put into Stellar for her. God I'm so glad the universe decided to share this with us, especially after the Sabrina trip. I'm really warming up to the idea of allocating capital towards my relationships (be it time or money) so that I can enjoy life.

# Life

Seriously it's just been so incredible this last weekend getting to go do all these fun things together. After the mall, we had lunch at dim sum which was absolutely delicious (K found it). I know Corey would hate it, but I'm really warming up to the idea of her picking places and things and such.

I really hope she doesn't feel like she has to be masculine with it, because of course she doesn't. But man it is so nice to have a little break from planning everything so that I can focus on the work to be done. Even her date night jar is pretty stellar to work with.

Also in re the bonus, I decided to celebrate that with her and also the end of last week got to bring Enrique into the fold on interlacing the SDEX (very diplomatically). So we went to McDonald's and I got a McFlurry and K got some croc chicken nugget meal. Really appreciate their change to a more sustainable packaging.

# Work

Really appreciated the time I had today and yesterday to work more on the community front. I'm excited to bring things together towards a cohesive long-term vision on GitHub. More on that later, but overall really appreciating the asynchronous aspect to all the work.

It's super nice to not have someone yelling at me to meet some arbitrary deadline, which is pretty redundant for coding anyways. Really appreciate that I can just wait until the soup is ready so to speak. Chives contributions have been coming through, and I'm thankful for the idea to expand that to NQG through the GitHub API and Soorban.

Excited for Soorban's growth and adoption, and I'm super thankful for thoughtful early users. Everyone has put in so much thought and dedication, it's really something special thanks to all their efforts. I appreciate how SDF takes their time with doing grants, adopting ideas, and stating their positions.

# GitHub

On SDF, I appreciate them as an example of a firm moving into the decentralized space that's still used to the proprietary release cycles. It's been so intriguing to understand how GitHub went from open source to more traditional proprietary development and resources. I am extremely thankful for learning the insight that transparent development allows for widespread education.

I'm so thankful for GitHub Sponsors acting the miraculous way it does. Seriously I think this will be massive for helping people anywhere to learn how to work _efficiently_ without central coordination. The ingenuity, creativity, and potential that unlocks is truly mind-boggling.

I remember Mom sharing with me a while back that few are as "ambitious" and such as me. But man I appreciate my learnings around the clock thanks to these open and _free_ as in libre resources. I'm thankful for the idea to expand the vision from decentralizing capitalism to something along the lines of **free markets.**

---

I haven't been super stellar at doing that daily goal things because I sort of am still working on #723 and frankly other important things. While I appreciate the proactive v. reactive argument, it sort of feels like I'm directing myself on what to do. On the daily, I think I do a pretty good job of prioritizing, and I appreciate the opportunity to try that out in coming time with the help of physical calendar.
