Just one personal thing I want to ink down, I should move the excess 1k from Fidelity into GME final whole share; put the rest in btc since since they don't have xlm.

see if they close the account like sofi for low bal or such

---

Wow, what a stellar day holy shit yay!! Seriously last couple have been something special adapting to decentralized labor principles. Very pertinent in my mind is the recent choice I made to call the carta ceo's "private markets" post on linkedin a hot pile of shit.

Wall St is so goddamn fucking corrupted it's ctually isnane, and I am so thankful that I dont need to explain this shit to the community. Like seriously, wow it feels insanely good to talk to someone who comprehensively understands that there are extremely powerful, influenctial, and wealthy people that will be unbelievably pissed off because of us. But democracy is subject to a 51% attack, and these motherfuckers are on the wrong damn side.

On that note, it was interesting to learn of some larry chen post where he - in 2021 - said that we're approaching a market that's either these damn middlemen or "community-driven" as in not fucking shareholder profits. I'm extremely thankful that smart people like him existin. Also same for stellar devs re someobody makign xlm.sh today WOW.

## something
man i really appreciate K and my new schedule sleeping in the night with er god it was so lonely sleeping by myself. i realized that the only reason I used to get up at 4am was because I had to bend my life around the will of other people.

god it feels so good to finally and truly (in the long term) be free of any external controllers. lol i went back ot hte occ comment and noticed that I accidently splellyd SIFMU as SIM**FU** in all but one case, ad the one case is a fucking tremendous footnote holy shit. I'm so thankful for all this crucial work and such that I had the presidence to do 

fuck it gives me chills thinking that the thesis was based on the exact conept behind gme. man i wonder what life would be like if i had the "in" on that. crrazy to href the yahoo finance page pre-squeeze with 14-$ short interest or somethinglike that on archive org

## permissionless innovv

god i seriously cannot wait to see what people dowith all these toolsets. actually unbelievable in every sense of the word what is uniquely possible on stellar. man so happy we get to build the DAG L2 trading shit and such with such a gah awesome communtiy and goals and vision and aggghhh

recentrly 

i was thinking about how the last part of my goal is to help replace existing banking systems, and it feels like the unvierse litterally handed me an answer tothat challenge on a silver fucking platter. i could care less about the legacy fucktards, and this is the perfect way to let epople do that while also not worrying about actually doing it! was really neat to see clickpesa lending on soroban, and I can't wait tosee what defualts look like in that

usury is such an abismally crazy concept, and I sincerely wonder if poepole think mcuh about it. are we always destined to fiat bs with the lednign? or can we have a sound currency?
