I bthink K was right about how the real world has lots of people I get to talk to. This has been an action packed week with  a standout NY review m eeting where  staff got thei first looks at the blockchai ndeployment. I think our next f ollow-ups are the cusp of a whole new market paragdigm.

It's also been a week with massive  growth and internal activity. A lot of mental expansion which has been  an insane journey.  Today I went  through a pbunch of old photos with bothh os us together and just started bawling. I' mso happy we have enacch other and our lobe in si many  wayss.

It was also the firs time I 've been to church since Italy two years ago. I appreciated the reinforcing messages that mimic the incredible worldd around me. i'm so very thankful for this opportuntiy to bring forth our important message.

Aside froom that, it's been a lot of remisccineg over the trip. THat and our day yesterday  watching lots of anime and movies. Redicsovering a lot of requsite motivation to take some dominance with the  cCommissionas  we are the first introdicing a new TAD.

I keep trying  to maker  everything perfect, but with the deadliens appreicachign I'll be getting it all in one weay or another. I didn't relze how it felt to output so much in such short timeframes. ANd so maybe that's what typiccal "real-world" schedules and discussions look like.

K always sso clevler, even when by accident. I loved  the easier days we had in less busy times, going out  to magical loccal destinatiosn together.These crazy markets lately give me the motivation to do  anything to bring those good times to  the present once again.
