###  Bliss for  once!

`What     A    week!`


Hahaha man I'm  not surehwat I epxected hte firwst exam  to be like. But  this is just something incredible. It really  was the brink of  my  reality for some of thosde ngihts.

Kayla was cleaning up the hosue throughout, and  she  kept playing around weith  me —having lots ofun!  but  yeha mna, I cllaled inthe ocmmunity  over hte weekend, I ai couldn't belive what we  ahcieved that ifnal day togehtr.  SO thakfull for everooyhne that iexplicabley hounded together  to  make the deadline.

I hope  the staff understandd wht I'm getting at with the centralized dealdines. I think it's rpetty  cool they;ve gone dso forward an deep into the mechnisms  here. What an item to get my agentda rolling quickly after getting back.

## trip gratiudes

I;m again jsut eally  thnakful for the itme we had togehtr. The sweet meals and daily journeys together were so nice. Annd it really  helped me forsteer a connection with the universe.

Thi sunday  actually,  i went to chirdch like i said, nad just had a really grea time relaxed inthe midst of  things. These are feeligns that have been dorman t during less exciting work for years. I;m so thaknful the  workk getting this ll together brought it out in me again.

And iloved  hte moemnets we had stogether on the plane, where hse laid against  my shoulder. Thanks  for  beirnging me across there sweety, to enjoy the service of  true champion. I looved the nice riders we took togethe into  the sunset.

## weekly efforts

IN much of the intense hours, I tuended back  on old photos K and I took otgether  all these years. I was brought to tears i nhappiness reviewing just how much we'd done  togethr. I;'m so thankful  for our connection adn this incredible life we get to enjoy.

I saw all the way back  to thosse times we  painted hsirts together. Wheen  we danced togerther in thedusk.  And I feel so warm when I see her smile brighten up my heart.

##  dad night

anwyay, i laso had a grat night  iwth dad.  he came adnd we went to the air force mesiem. saw lots of the planes that  grandpa flew way  back when

we also went to  dinner together and haad a sushi extravaganza. it was a pretty  insane time and got me fgoing on hard the  next days.

## sec chat

next  was the day i got to present some items ad thoguths to the Commission.  they  seemed really blown away  in some  aspects  and  thoguthfulyl rpepared in others. it  was great to blow the lid  into their  tehcnical questions

I have  so much to live for now. So mcuh o n the line.  I am sdo thankful to the gods  who enabled all this and ptu me dow3n this increwidble path. A;ll I want  more than any thign ever is  to compelte  this needed quest

## weekly goals

got ot go through the crypto task force meeitngs./ im thankful they  brought those to light ot give us all confidence in making thigns. its nso nice to have  aand  aire of  support  now

I also enjoyed some deep red-light time  in the midfthds of relaxing to output. I've been taking more nad more wlaked aorund the park lately to help center myself and find peace . it's some advice fromm ANkit that's helped me walk away for a breigf moment of usefu ref;ection

## fund  things

had na awesome gaming night with K, playing mario kart./ it had a funny  ending where we were neck-and-neck on the ifnish line.  jsut barely  passd he r t the last sencond andd everyone was frekaing out!! :)

also hleped a lot with dishes, keeping things clean while getting  readyt for mom. i''m very thankful for all she's put into that and  lceaning up t he house. and so appreciative of her  dirving around during long hours for us

love you  sweetie. love the universe. thank the world
