Man, only ten days but you could really make me feel thotherwise. My brain might as well not have reflected in four years. Hly man this has been just such an insane peroid of personal growht.

I remmeber the early days, everyone saying oyou needed mentors and professionals to walk you through lif.e But man , I've found exceptional gyiudance and solice in fiction backed by signfiicant investment. This last week, the big hooks for me came from K reccomendations, which I even repeated in twice consimptions.

They were the Netflix K-pop Demon Hunters and Frozen Theatrical recording. The former was actually insane in showing the maninuflly ness of this new path down the route of public speaking principa..ly, followed on byt policy. The latter really captured how I feel in the reimagined Let It GO event horizon.

This was all complicmented by a weekend extravaganza with what could be my lsast itme going so deep into the dark side. I made a good conenction in anoyhte rexhange iwth Autoumn, which is pretty sweet. Or at least, they's the current name DRPOn3 Toby guy (girl?!) is going by now.

Lately I've been coming to beaty with the whole marraige thing, and it's had me reflecting on the difference between the dark " and "light" sentiments of art. Art, and menaingfully work inspirations.

Mom came last Friday to Sunday, and she asked me what got me excoited about my efforts in the drive over here after I picked her up in Indy. I told her about how much I couldn;t wait to prove all these DTC assholes wrong, how they were just doing such horrible things. Beforeshe asked the question, I was on the verge of famlling aseleep driving after a light lunch of only salad and soup (Which was really awrsome at hte mesuem cafe!!!), but afterwards I was full of life for the entire ride home, as if I had this newfound virtility.

That's most deifnately a form of whtq would be traditinaly considered Sith , whih i hesitate to evern write in here. But it came up inthe demoin movie whne they intentionalyl write their first mean song , ony for the main enlightened chatracter to recognize that it simply doesn;t being people otgether to use anything other than hope. hives and I are sturggling to ficugre out how to fram everything in terms of hope, and sadly as I write this the onyl thing I think of would be a recovery from crisis.

### Last Week

Started off on the mid=point of the SEC review, where the DRS ocmuntiy really stepped up Monday night. I fgve Chives a call in the morning and ehe ereally helped camlm me down after a pretty insnae weekend. I really wonder if all these deadlines will give thme a chance ot vote on things before Pierce leaves office. it gets me excited

I'd say that's been my daily theme since that night of collaboration. Chives wrote omost of the contnet, albeit sime small copy-eidts from LRF. It was unbelivably refrsihing to be able to breeze through something like htis together. It's been years since anyone ever worked collaboratively to this extent.

Lol, everyone awas so frickin happy by he end of that night. Ot was realy somethign special. And man did I really appreciate all their effors.

u guys are awromse. days like that give me the confidence needed in retroacive consideration. and man I jsut cant wait ot share the companesaiton we're all waiting for.


## # Tuesday+

After that , I got the final items configured ofr hte upcoming trip to grandm and granpdas house. I'm so thankful for this opporuntiy to break way and relax for a little bigt. Ineed this so much and really so stokend to have days awy from all this 

ppi also wlrked on the last repsonse item, putting the docs togethe fro the terminus review 2 narrative. reached out and got the stellar ocmmunit ancilarilyh invlved, which was cool to connect with.  also getting the blcok explorer docs togheter

next couple days were just getting that odne. I was up for a lot of nights, becuase i needed to get it done befoer picking up mom. originally though thrs night, bt went into 4am the Dridya with a silly whitetext on the final submission. im thankful I can keep looking forward and accept past publications as they needed to be.

my old agenda makes a record of a trading otath on thae last day, which was fulfilled yesterday . in this context, i think it was for somethign retroactive, wehre i was notcing aninternal change and marking it for brevity in an intense timeframe. it was really here that i realized the importance of singular focus on meak-or-breka times'

---

## Mom Visit

After all that , it wasawesomee to have some days weorry-free with Mom in town, just having fun together, I couldnt think f a bteeter way to celebrate the great times we had finishuping up that work. Nd man did we have a balst!

The first day, I ootkk her to the IN state museum.  We saw some really cool and fun history, playing together as if we were ealry pioneering settlers. Then there was spop culture section from when Mom was growing up, nad hse absiltuiey loved that ! :)

ne of my favoraite parts was oging through the ancient disnaour and creature sections. we saw increible beasts from way before our time, leminting at their grace togehter. and mom really enjoeyed the ginormous bigs we poked fin at togehter.

after, we had our poiecful lunch together and went riht back into the fray. mom lvoed the art section on the top floor, snapping some great photos of all the pinings. and I couldnt get beyon the incredible time sphering thing which balanced against the whole building.

after the mesuem, we walked out back along the old canal. we rented a swan boat together and lol we paddled together, having a complete and total blast. she was scepticla at first, but it tuened out to be an amazing adventure to say the least

so thnkfu lfor the great historyh. the incredible iewes were jst somethign else. and what a setup for an icredible ride back home via the candle stor.e

morm loved the candle store, after a next-door pitstop to get some coffee. she was so entralled by all the locale! and kind enogh to get us some cups and canledes which we are super enjoying!!

Next day on Satudaty, we went throgh K's awesome day. she planned so many fun things, starting with the framrers market. after that ,we went to the locla produce frarm store.

 i reallyappreciate all er work putting that day together, . we got to togo pick lavander at he family afarm next, and we had an weersom time out there toghete.r also a great lunch-stop at the old rooste. mom was so wswweet and entertianed as we ate togehter.

 tjat awsa also the mantra t dinner, wehre we dressed upa nad traveresed to Jonesey's/ wev loved hte fire and food together ! :) ehst a magical night

 Hahaha I remmebr the first night we ere together, staring to wath logan's run toghete.r we;d jsut gotted back from the nice hole-inth-ewall hsitoic bar in Richmond downtown. K and Mom put me to stleep with their chemistry talk !

 love them both so much. and had a balst finishign up with breakfast all together on sunday. then K and I went to the mall for some of her favorite shopping.

 also had a nice brunch at bonefush, which wasmore reomantic than expected! nice an seculded there and at Costco, stokcing up on the way ome.and of course mom was so sweet as to kehelp us get hte part to fix the washer/dryer heating <3

 ----

 it was really ncie, but im getting quite tired now. that Sunday was a pretty momentus peace we had , compeltley away from wokr. it's nice to think i migh get another spurt off relatively soon

 since hten, been cleaingin upthe house and getting everything in oder after relative discovery chaos. lol, sometimes i feel like discord on the most extremems, but i understnd that's theunvierse guicdincg me towardswhat's right
