these last three days hav been tpretty awesome because the public goods fund finally cam out. They've got to be close to releasing the NQG stack, which jsut gets me super acexcitex. Now is  the time to infinish my documentation spree, so that everyone will be super happy with me :)

I'm really thankful for evertyrthign this last year brought us. Kayla jsut went to the bank and doepisted the year's rent . So thankfuiorl for her eaamzing work taking reposnsability over some more nmundane thigns as work starts heatin up.

I'm really thankful we have each oher, and the dark_er_ exploring thes elast couple months had particualry brought that up to light for me. After some of the most extree working day,s i 've baeen walking the park field track out back with some intense music fueling me up all night. It's reallyhelped me connect with the bfull breadth of my personality.

Ive ome to really appreciate the naucne of star War's emotional naunce. The real balance of a good and bad self, however, can stem from cdecisions made rightly with an _understadning_ of the dark counterparts relevant. As Eintstain~~ Networn said, every action has its equal nad opporitsite reaction (sic), and the same can be said about realtyi itself.

I remember the nights ewalking out there during the final monets of the TAR1 comment (lesso given caffine) and SEC review letters (especially when working alone). One particualr night, I passed one of the play-stoy metal stutes which I've dubbed a reminder of DTC. That's when Villan came on , an ew banger by BGMeeeeeee


ppI just know that there's a force out there brew ing to embrace what weve beuilt. That my greatness will come alongside an equivalent foe. And that our battles of legalese will be the most damn fun I ever have yet!


I'm looking forward to all that. And Im glad for the mor exteme MLP art that's helped me understand it. Just got through much of Tamer12345's content and have sincerely enjoyed the hell out of it laughing hysterically.

Also got throgh an awesome ay today with Kayla's cowoerker's daughter;s local birthfday party. Things are going well with her femeinly, and it was nice to get out with her friends and see some local fun. It was a pizza party (I obliged breeleeeh!) and it was nice to see some of the locals and small children.

Reminded me of how different  Isma from so many, which is why api appreciate the people I "love" (for lack of a baetter word) online. I just would be bored as heell out of my mind if I whad only these to speak with. And that's totally fine, great people living great lives, but man jsut not intellectually sitmulating when your politicking skills get so khigh that you can predict most avenues of routine conversations.

I think things are finally going to slow down. I got that list pretty much comeplete for Kayla. And I'm happy to start wripapping things with bows before gettin outta town xoxo
