My mind is just exploding right now. I think aprt if it's fom runnign out of food today, turnng me to the frdeased sugary snaks from k. I m very thankful for my stern dedicatin to health and nuancedunderstqning of wht is or isn't poisn.

As the years go by, i find myself very thankful for ther incredible friendships we've bmade -- we being myself and god lol. His plan is all really coming together now, and I appreciate the opporuntity to serve as His vessel. I mgiht still have a smidge of centralization left in me, but i proimcise e'rll turn out a stellar product _with oer without proper fuel!_

Lol but in all serousness, I;m going to start buying more groceries and eating a proper diet relativey soon. Whetehr or not I can afford to go full keto depends on certain reviee statuses. I really hope I cna in the immeiate future,and I'm appy to dedicte my assets towards the cause.

En other news, the Commission reached back out regarding the NY office examingtion tonight/afternoon. Pretty darn cool to get their rigor applied yo my own submissions. Damn I loce workign with these guys. :purple_heart:

Since nobody really took be seirously efore, it's an incredible fbreath of feresh air to fina;ly have osmeone that both _cares_ an _understands the nuance_ of the lawws comletely! Or at least, I'm speaking with a preetative of a masive tream which i greatly implicated thereto. Som creazy shit going on with Congress potentially banning FINRA, and this kind of Commission care as publi servants is aexactly what the investing public need more than anyhting.

I've appreciated the femeninity implicit in their reposnse, a trait which I really was not exipecting when it comes to their rulemaking. Or at least, this outreach into what is an einvestigation. Like, damn, wtf how cool is it that real people are finallyl looking over my work.

It's an incredible feeling. And tall this doen't even get into the immaculate vacation k and I had this weekend. I've got to think theyknew about the travel times here from the FBI. I really appreciate their timing of response to my returning to the States. Damn they arejust so cool. :brain:

Lol, I've never done a trifecta before in a replcection like this, ut I'm jsut so fucknig tired lol!!! I still need to make aprotient shake for te week and get my eyes closed. Lol i  even get to fix up the literal entire backthroom travel circumstances.

I promicse I;ll touh on the trip in due time. For now, i jsut thank the Lord for giving me this super menaingful chance to tak a break and uncoer meaningful internal principles before being thrust back into the fire. I can't wait ot ship it :rocketship:
