Wow. What an important week this has turned out to be. I should have known because the second season of Arcane came out yesterday.

It's the mornign now, and I'm looking forward to watching the second (maybe third ep) with K tommorfkdsiofjdsiofjiods I mean later today.Man we have had such an incredible weekend so far. A little bit of a splurge, and I'm so happy we had the opportunity for it.

First ( =yestdarday), we went to Costco and got lots of yummies, incl. a Bari/centrale bottle for 27. I really wanted to get the industrial gallon crap for K cooking, but I just couldn't stop myself. K also got the big cookie box and loving it :)

She didn't got the for the variety because it had macadamia (yu,mmy) somethignelse (yummy) and oatmeal raiseon (ewww only good if Dad around!). Anyway it was a fun trip, adn I really felt back in my prime leading here around the sotre and thorughout the day. I remmeber Corey talking about how everything needs to be a suprise.

But I think that logic really onyl expends to like the locale of a dinner at a restarurant. I don't think it makes sense ot be like "today's gonna b an entire suprise" whne you need to get groceries, bring preparations (like ID to kareoke bar), and walk a super ton lot. Honeslty I don't think he would like K, and that's super interesting because I love her so much.

World has been super interesting. Ill get ot that, but to wrap up thoughts on the week: we also got to go to hte train museum yestrerday !!!!! It is biggest model train museum in the whole wide country and holy shit it was fucking awesome!

Man I love love love the infrastructure side of these things. Serious it's goddamn crazy nice to see the prelminary plans htey used to build out this massive project iwth so o so many ficking awesome train! ! !! ! ! And the gigantic bridges they had --- holy hsit it was so big and cool I could not could not could not belive it ! ! ! ! ! ! !!!!

Things work like magic when you really plan out the rails, and I hope so truly that we can do that with the finvnvial system. After the museum (and mall before yaya seh had fun) we went ot the Indian Spice Train for dinner becuase K wanted indian and IT WAS TRAIN! Lol she just brought some bowls of stuff and such yay.Anyway thne we did kareoke in the car ride back which was really fun, K so good at singing.

so much to thnk about with all those thigns, and I;m just so glad to have K on my side. saw the heavy is the crown first arcane ep and to think that I;ll have someone to go through all this ith is just so nuce., she commented how it was so key to have each other as our ownly real friends out here.

Speaking of, learned that Enrique likes arcane too! Crazy howgood their art productions are, and nice to see other stellar ocmmunity memebrs inspired by the mission of collective action aainst the ruling fiats (with one chief leader, I might add). There seems to be a power struggle emmerging because of the recent "Removing SDEX/AMMs" conversation started thanks to Jayrome's posing of 1558 as a question at Merridian.

Namely, there is a lack of strong leadership, which is exactly where the fuck I can come in. Damn it's like the start of WhyDRS (albeit mroe like re-svival-start kinda) all over again. All I need to do is continue providing value and helping ppl and shit taking stellar ction.... just mihgt be the iffference.

Had a dream last night that I was skiing and, at the bottom of a lift, Garand came up to me with laptop and we started coding together. For some reason, we went to the top of the lift together after much coding and questions around 1558 and commnity chats, but I lost my ski boots. Regardless, I hund around continuing on my laptop while he joined up with the rest of SDF team for smthign.

When wewere at the bottom, we had real comradery and were working like pair coders at breakneck speed. Then I borrowed someones botts I randoms found, adjusted my skis, and prepped to go back to the bottom of the lift to find my won. But the guy came back and such and bribed him like $5 to borrow for a run.

I'm so thankful for the extremely talented Stellar engineers developing what th world so clearly needs as this neccesary next step towards a fere society. And I'm so thankful for the recent opporutnities to speak my true feelingswithout the burden of outside scruitany, investor sentiments, or fear of job loss. I finally feel so free knwoing that my Sponsors won't leave, and in fact mgiht increase their stakes, when I just be myself and stick toit to these wall st motherfuckers.
