I had a pretty crazy morning after some very passionate time with K last night. She was so cute today helping cook the greens she got at Walmart yesterday. I love giving her the freedom to support me, and she seems so considerate every chance I give her.

I'm so thankful she introduced me to the Dr. Stone show about a lone genius who saves the 7B stone people. Gosh I appreciate so much the skill difference in specializations shown thanks to her recommendation. Indeed, I couldn't stop going through the episodes late into last night and the early morning.

I finally saw how foresight tangibly created real impact, and that was so inspirational for me because every day it seems like my aspirations require more and more influence. It isn't in any way control that I'm after, no. I just want the most efficient system for investors.

God I care so much about us, and there's absolutely nobody standing up to it all. Sometimes this view makes me feel like I'm isolated in a segment small in the grand scheme. But I know so truly that the work we do has the power to change everything.

I think on and on about making lumens the currency, and I can see so clearly the perfect way this all works out for each and every one of us. And it's just the gap of getting these thoughts in black and white, bringing them into the real world. It takes so much time, hard work, and vigor, and I'm so thankful K is here supporting me at every step.

I'm thankful for my loving family. I'm thankful for the Stellar Foundation development research. And I'm thankful for the reliable global technologies underpinning it all.

We live in such an amazing world. And now we have this incredible promise to fix so many inequalities. I'm so thankful for the other people that see it too building together.
