Man what a pretty fucking cool day today was. I realized just recently that every damn second I spend tinkering around with Ubunutu is a meaningful moment of my life that I will never get back. Accordginyl, I sorta decided to stop using my desk,top PC lol.

I actually legitimately could not care less how much Apple charges for their shit because I just need it to fucking work when I click the beep-boop button. Wow that's something I didn;t think I'd ever say growing up absolutely despising how expensive the products are. I alwyas saw it as a class war thing beteween the elites and the masses using Android.

Fuck even mom was alwyas on Samsung while she took care of us at home for all those years, verses my dad who was alwyas dual-wielding two iPhones from work. Lol that was absoutely crazy, and its birzzare to look back and think about what my life was like way back then. Always exciting ./ed for those ~~bi~~weekly dinners we at out with Dad.

God he loved taking us to dine=put places. And I remember when he gave me his credit card in college to go out on dates with to dinner. Man I was like "could I please just buy XYZ $20 food/bare neccesity thing PLEASE" and he was like "lol no." Idk why but he was always like I need to use it for having fun and going out.

Like sure, OK, thabnks Dad. But if I'm spending 500 on restarutants a month, maybe the 20 for bare living neccesities....? Lol but it's all fun and good faith, I'm so immesurably thankful for him adn all of the family.

And I am so thankful for the incredible trup he sent me off on after graduating, where I proceeded to pinch every last one of his pennies like it was the fucking last thing on eartyh. And man, he never even mentioned it, not one time thereafter. Seriously don't think he could've given a goddamn shit how much I spent on that trip, and that's just sincerely thoughtful. 💜

---


Okay so back to apple like damn wholy holy shit. It's all starting to make sense to me now. I spent the last week hooked on the 1997 ad, and then I was like "DAMN, maybe being an 'economist' could be like actually a career?" So year now I'm even more excited to disprove whoever the motherfucker academic was that came up with that horeshit.

Lol but thanks for doing it, bc that is some nice nightmare fuel. "Efficient markets" 🤣 gimme a break. I feel like I'm finally maturing into an adult, and that menas I need to handle the fucking 17ad-7 search #2 for laykor bro!!!!
