Whoo, holidays are approaching :) Man what a time it's been this last week. I've been so thankful of K and her magical inspiration lately keeping me going.

I really wanted to set up another trip to both Dad and G&G Wooten, not sure if the schedules will work out. The time off, the flight expense, and ... I'm just glad Dad probab—p.

Have a great family, and I'm so thankful for everyone. I can't wait to see them all soon, hopefully with enough time left for TAR. Still get to finish the community docs for reference in there, which will be quite exciting.

God it's just been so much lately, especially with the bull market whizzing around me. I think my lumens went from 9k ish to over 20 in a week. It's a great feeling, but not much more to it since I know I've left a lot in the domain smart contract and much else will never get sold.

That's one thing I wonder about making lumens the currency. Or maybe it's just the network. But I just believe so much more earnestly in the social distribution mechanisms for lumens.

Ooo everyone talking about crypto as the markets go upssa. Makes me think back to when all this started, heck I even have the table I built the old mining rig on all those years ago now. Man what a wake-up it was to me becoming a new physical presence to ourselves.

Got the liq reply out after some crazy focus, which was nice, and I hope people respond well to everything. I know these things take time, but man would it be nice to have an external sign validating everything on a value basis. There is so much done out of goodwill, and I'm excited to think what can happen once some real funding backs projects.
