I guess it's only been six days, but it certainly feels like a lot longer than that to me. I know people say time "gets faster" when you start growing up and such, but tbh I'm not convinced. Like I'm still only 23, and the last four years of building BT has just been so prevalent in my mind.

Every day has always been an exciting new adventure to uncover how we might best organize society's capital. And as all this going on, there continue to be some quite enjoyable developments in the market. I may not know exactly what the future holds, but it's absolutely thrilling to see things turning up in my direction.

Kayla would call this "coming up Kayla" because she says she's always so lucky and such. I love that mentality about her, and am so excited we get to go on this journey together. I recall lately some things I said in the `negatives` journal from just prior uncovering DRS.

That podcast really was a life-changing introduction. And to think that it was just a few short weeks after the ultimatum we had in the parking lot for the plasma donation center. K was finally sick of it after going at least 6 times between the medical confirmations and times her pressure or some shit was too low.

So we left that parking lot and went to the Asian food store that day. In total, I/we got $300 of the 500 intro offer per person, and K felt bad since her middle time they couldn't prick her properly, and the difference in time was too great for them to even use her stuff. I still remember listening to Audible _Animal Farm_ the last time I had collection.

She was so sweet, just a little while afterwards she offered and had me use all the money on the card they gave her. She's never really been about money, although we sure did have a fun time using Dad's credit card to go on all those dates while I was in school ~year and then a little less the second year. God I can't wait to have enough money to live somewhere fun and keep doing those things with her every week; rn it's a 40 min drive every time we want to go out.

But that didn't stop us yesterday when we got to go to the sushi place she's been dying for in the next town over. I wanted to do something special, and it was an easy call after lumens quadrupled in these last few days. We got a fun sushi boat, and really enjoyed the holiday lights in the small area.

Speaking of lumens, I'd be remiss if I didn't reflect on this a little bit. I know I can't express it fully publicly since I need it for Congressional arguments, and for that I'm very thankful to have it. But it still sticks with you after you accept it.

Basically I had a choice to make at 8.7c when I knew they wouldn't let me / K withdraw in USDC to the DEX. I decided to wait, knowing full well that it could cost K up to 100k based on coming price action. Man, it hfjidlshfuilcxnjvklhu yeah and so I wasn't too far off — fko

They say a principle isn't really a principle unless it costs you money. And I know that principle is worth any short-term expense. There's just such a larger picture in play here, and I pray we can get everyone to understand this materiality.

Anyway, I'm so glad to have K here to brighten up my long weeks of passionate work-product output. Lol I made that term up because I think it captures the time * specialization that goes into careers. I've been continually reminded that these efforts can scale geometrically with the enticing stimulation from sexuality.

Speaking of, I discovered some new MLP artists and their communities this week, which really inspired me emotionally. Their music has directly talked to me in terms of the important stage as I step into the protagonist persona of Rainbow Dash, and it seems Chives falls into the archetype of Twilight. It's been interesting to think about these friendship Mane 6 implications over the past few months as we work towards a final system that has no single ruler of all the lands, so to speak.

And then this weekend, I went through quite a few movies where walls crumble down to reveal all the possibilities available to a society. There always seems to be this direct conflict between certain business interests (incl. governing power itself) and the freedom quite readily available in abundance to all who take it. I wonder so vividly how joyous our society might become once the masses can organize likewise across realms.
