First day at Mom's for Thanksgiving today, having a fun time haning out with famiy! I'm thankful for Aunt Patty whos having fun knitting a blanket right now. We had wuite the the time coming to Charlotte yestraday with a fun ariport setup.

It's been an exciting past few days getting great work donne before the nice break with everyone. Biggest thing has been putting my efforts behind making Stellar the standard and such, which has really apid off in both the recentl wins on advancing liquidity efficiency and the drastic rise in our net worths. I had the realization one morning that we finally made it into meaningful wealth, and that was and is an absolutely incredible feeling that gives me stellar chills. 

I know it's been quite some time that I've been workign towards these things, and it feels jst amazing to have not only the community but the fundamental backing to really make all these things into a reality. The oversight of the entire system feels right in my hands, andI'm so thankful that they consider me as a commissioner potentially. I don't have much to really back that up, but I noticed that Ive been able to almost feel when things are happening far away - which I', very thnakful for.

Basically, wherneetver I'm next to an internet source like a router, I can sense when something important is happening. It might just be in my head, but I feel so truly that it's a sincere tangible event asking for my immediate response. These last few days it was tomer diving into my GitHub profile, so I sent some signals back by both broadcasting my boice to the unicverse and fixing some needed cosmetic updates just in maime, as far a I could tell.

I hope so truly and appreiaate so greatly for and in the powerful work of Napeonleon hill, and the magic it enamoured my life with so early on and foruiotously. While the future has a few divergances to opportunily examine, I've never mbeen more confident in y vision for a truly fair capital market, as embodied in that coal statment I made seven years ago. And to see it all now finally materializing not just in technology but also in my family life iteself with K - certainly someting special.

We got to enjoy a sushi boat in the town next over this last weekend after some fun holiday cheers, even setting up the tree decoartions and such later. And then we enjoyed the news that she was getting a 300/mo raise next year, as some laws or such changed for aslaried - nice! And ofc once she got home from her early lshift yesterday, we raced to that sweet overlooking tavern in Cincinatti just before the airport, enjoying the hell out of a hastened bite together.

It's been so nice stelpping into my masculinity to define precisely the most important aspectes I have the good ofrtune tospecialize in. Indeed, I've been so feverously enjoying recent work thnkfully due largely rto the perfect execution of my skillset in the markets. I yearn for the day I can share those passionate results with the rest of the world, no matter how small my overall part.
