Wow wow wow man am I so so so thankful that I started 723 all those months ago. Man wow geeze it was legic such a process getting all that rolling. And wow the payoff here has just been incredible.

To think that I might have never even started that PR if I actually ever got any kind of legitimate monies. Like wow :O !! I am so so thankful that aI had the wherewithal to get the ball rolling on these things via laptiop while at K's parents' old house in Florida after she graduated but wasn't working.

Seriously, Jesus, wow. So so much will come from all this, and I can't thank enough whoever tf it was that started this project idea - and ESPECIALLY Anuxhya who was so helpful in the SCF11 Bootcamp, sharig her motivations to similarly join the network for humanitarian cause. And man I can't believe how different my life might be if she didn't pop into that interview to share her thoughts with the WhyDRS community.

Legitimately mind-boggling tp think how differently all this could've played out without driving all those damn hours to Houston! lol wait that was some other missed changed flight think in re the SF trip for the first lemmy post. Lol I guess that was in Austin - man what a cool trasnit sys and honestly not the worst parks to sleep in 

God is on my side. Holy montherfuck. These Wall Street asholes have their coffin set, and I am so so so thankful that the replacement will give masses of people real savings and retirmeents.

I guess wooten.link/bad was sorta like a donation to some early adoptors lol (src txn bro!). These people are micarecle-workers. THey've been litarerally handed into my life by God to build 99% of TAD3 lol!
