# Last Few Weeks

At the end of July, I got to fly to Mom's house for Christopher's birthday. I had so much fun seeing everyone (Christopher, Mom, Chris, Alden, and C's friend guy). They are all so nice, and Christopher really liked the protein powder gifts. I need to configure travel plans for the holidays!

The week after C's birthday was stellar with Mom and Chris out at the cabin in Boone. We traveled around town, and it was generally a gorgeous time. It's nice to see that they are doing well, connect over life, and relax a little with them. Something I can't wait to do after this next commitment/integration!

Then I drove down to FLL with Dad in the Corvette, which was quite the adventure when we landed in Brunswick because of the tires blowing out. Cool pit stop there at an old rice plantation house and treacherous fields (lol the bugs!). It was nice to go diving with him and friends, and see how everybody was doing.

# Trip Back Home

Firstly, I got a new car from Mom (Grandma and Grandpa's old silver SUV), which was really nice. I appreciate them helping me out like that and caring about me even though I'm so far away now. Everyone in the family is so sweet, all trying to do the best for themselves, and man, I really appreciate all of them, and most people in general.

Chris and I went on a fairly exciting journey picking up a washing machine from some random house lol. Seriously, I think we did at least 150 miles in U-Hauls just figuring out how we'd get all these things back home lol. Same time investment looking for some used scuba gear, which was just crazy in Jupiter.

Very thankful for the recent increase in Chive's monthly donations, as I'm finally able to just do Stellar work knowing that things are probably all going to be OK! Lol living expenses at this point are around 400/mo with minimal food and entertainment. Pretty nice to just be able to sit back and not think much about the raw capitalist incentives.

# This Last Week

Ever since I got back home, Kayla has just been the sweetest to be around. We had an incredible week getting adjusted to her new night shift sleep schedule, which has been eventful, to say the least! I really appreciate the time we get to spend together, just love each other.

Yesterday we went to the local waterpark she found, which was really fun. There was a huge slide that went super fast. And then we got to play around in the swimming pool together, enjoying the outdoors. Plus, fun time watching movies with pizza later.

I’m just so thankful for this incredible life and all the opportunities coming up now. Her parents come in just a few days to visit, so we’re setting up a guest bedroom and new pullout sofa, all thanks to Mom's furniture surplus! So nice of her and everyone to share with us, and I can't wait to blow them all away with our updates.
