I'm thankful for God and the Universe. Every incredible thing they lay out in my path. An awe-inspiring world at my fingertips.

Since getting back from G&G Wooten, I've had the joy of sharing some of Grandpa's stories with the community. We had an extensive chat last night which established a lot of the domain consideration items. I'm glad to have a chance to drop in there given how long it's been, and just how much is teeing up starting tomorrow.

It'll be a pretty awesome start to what they see as the terminus of this NY review. I'm really excited to finally get their feedback on the comprehensive design schema, and I'm very happy to have something to show the community on the lumentaut side at last.

They have blown me out of the water with their care for public goods awards and infrastructure work, which is just stellar. I'm so thankful there is a stable structure of incredible team members over there. I've found it quite simpler to have conversations with people I already know and trust, even if in a de minimis public setting sort of trust where I get to discuss nonworking times.

Lol a guy at Kroger made me laugh when talking about mopeds today while getting ice cream and chicken for K. I'm thankful for our baseball game on Sat, and she has been just awesome setting all of it up. Wow, yay, a huge load off my plate.

We're going to get it across, and then we'll be on the inside. I'm so thankful for all this progress. And I just can't wait to be king.'

It really feels incredible with her superbly cute support bopping at me daily. And I feel like I've bent the raw will of people to bring this great waking path in our backyard. It's helped a lot to just ease back and take my time.
