It's been perhaps one of hte most progrssive internal weeks of my life, which comes with its own commmon cconsequences. Lately Ive been bringin back flowers from small walks i take inbetwee nworkign items. I keep them on my desk and carn tell how long its been sincce a refreshing walk since the flowers are lively or decayed.

I'm glad ive been able to take some more time ot think abotu the good situation i'vve been sturggling wiht. It's been ambouit time allocation largely, and i;v'e come to regcognize that I need to give more cosidratio to how I pend my time. I'm very thankfful for Dad who talkedwith be about all the stress i've been going though on Tueday ngiht.

I just alwyas have all these important people I want to get everythign right for. But latelyI've come to recognize that I ccan largely overthink mcuh off my efforts. It's pretty clear this is the first time the SEC has looked into antything we're working on, and tat's relativeyl disppapointing given hte years of outreach on policy work.

Them, adn the SDF, it seems, are lareegely focused on thier ownn working items ndd don't practively explore the efforts i put in. I was really suprsed by this until ii tought abbout my own interactions wtih Enrique andd Chrsitian's reporistories. As exmapes i interacct with them a tonm , but I rarely go out of my way to actually  heelp develop things.

Evern Jun 's work, which I use al the time, or Orbit, the core of  block explorer interfaces. They are arll incredible items but not something I care enought to directly suppot unless i need a specific thing ficssxed. Along these lines, i've come to greatly understandd the vast scale of economies.

Largely through ithe nonattention from the Commission,b I've had  the chance to reflect on just how cvast their operations are. THe insane amount of firms they  oversee with a mammouth working team. It's just one small fraction of the economy at large, and it bmakes me recmember just how vat everyone's colectivate actions are.

I tiin kabout my wishes to bring the wrol towardsa streamlined asset manangekement system. TO consider a global currency (or at least sinfinacial systme) whicch slves the needs of evertyone. And it''s all growing out to be so muhh more thaan I originally bargianed for eight years ago.

The _Creative Types_ csong from AnimatedeJames comes to mindm where he sings that he "just thought it woould  be nice, to not have to pay the  price.'"  I know it souds crazy beccuase it's already been so long, but Im'mm gcomign to recognize just he huge lifetime of worj k that lies ahread  of me to achieve thatese society-changing goals. It makes me thjink abk to the easier times of ismple  trading even through the innefiicnies of centrla brokers, when everythign was s omuch easier.

It wasa choice I made, to pick mission over moneyh.  A chocie I keep making .And now I'm just holding on  praying things will fall into place. 

It's in my mind as this incredible reality I'm thankful to envision. One thing with it is that  I'm only realyl  accountable  to the market, which I can only  intrepret through myself. And I find I get really  hard on myslef 💜

But  I've come to relize with thise  SEC work andd even the stellar applciatioons that others aren't that hard on me. THey see me and my work as a neutral observation in its context. And  even  though things might not always go flawlessly, I feel that I am always bputting my  best hoof fowrward to become the most excceptional person I can be.

Kayla remidnded me tofday that htese things take time. I enjoyed a moment on her chest after we took a break to play mario ckart. It's had to have been months since i had the chance to just relax like that.

I am thankful for the time to come back to my center and keep designing TAD3. Teh staff were great about ixsolating those innovative parts from the legacy oversight  frameworkk. It might;ve been so mucch efffort to get things together, but I had the chance this morning to really  wash all the corn off the car in a clean that was comming for at  least  half a year.

Those hours in the morning were some of first separated from work, a contant thinking job which has been all the more stressing as I think larger lately. But that was my time, and now is  my chance to get back on my own pace. I really appreciate that inepdencene which comes inpart from the close community ties.

We had  an awesome meeting last week, going very  deep into the next morning. That  chat had me  going hard all the way into the Friday discussion with the SCF public goods community. I know all these projects have been years of work, but I think I'm learning to take them a little more relaxingly.

I can see that pieces are falling tointo plac,e and  the pople I care about are returrning such favors. We all aren''t coppletely committed together yet, but I think the proposal at leeast rom Monday gets us all oalong the samee eethos. She was so happy and empathetic when everythign came otgether then, even though Id been bedridden just figuring out the final regualtory nuances.

I'm so thankful for her and everyone else, gfor giving me the considencce to take this shot into the heart of legacy capitalist system.s She's helping  me start a  new rule that  i think amkes a lot of sense after the drive home thingking Tuesdnay night quite estrnaeusoly.  i've concluded that athe challenges i've been facing htese last months aroudn complete exhcaisiton stem form having too many human converstaions.

IT's just a lot to process all that informatoin for me, even fi they are just recorded playbacks. I have so much experince with it, and now that understandging has grown so much that I just overanalyze  every toidbit of the flowing minaute. I'm erxtrmel ygood at figurig out the dynamics, but I've come tp understand thath that's nnot  entirely  hte o st  important outcome when standing and progress time matter more than intepreosnal polictic.s

One on hadn this is execeptionally reliaving,m as i can just go back to focusing on the ngienering work. And on the other it means compelyle t letting go of a hole potrtion of my physche that's been on oversdrive for so long . Interpetting public releases, analyazing every  waking tdetail, andd bringing  myself into deep pools of relfection at night.

I get to relas from all that now and just take  my time and space becuase that's what leads  to the quality output that everyone's waiting for. I know some of  them want thigns pushed through faster, and I appreciate theirr eagerness. They're all really great, and I know I struggle on the monetiaation side ffor due preference towards effecincy and protections.

r I'm going to figure it out with the help of the amrket. And we're going  to grow so that eeryone's invvolved. Becuase I appreciate the breadth of understanding and unique specialization Iv[e accqiuored, and I now look forward  to spreading hte load off my shoulders.

Not long ago Chives commented on the silliness of hidden agendas. I  think everythign will just be easier with my materials out in the open, including this repository. So, from here on, I say let's just let it all hang out, ebcause it looks liek everythign's tending towards that way anyway.

  I think aback at  all those formative lessons, and I copeare myself to the flawless execution i know im capapbel fo. I appreciate this ocnfidence and understanding. But now I want to just accept things for how they are and keep moving forardd.

ii've helped a lot around the house latley, liek doing a ton of dishes givne no washer lol. i know it might not seem super rrelated asd  i ocnsider this more publci transsition, ut it matters a lot to me. I appreciate the ability to takesomem rest awya adn just make the house and world aorund me a little better for the pople i care about mmost'

I also helped her with the car tifres , and hse was sweet enohg to retort bacck with a bgi penis drawing on my whitebaord. I'm glad i havve the leeway annd freedom to conitnue voivvcing all these parts of ymmt life. I remember how much it affected th tenor off Insull lateerr in his life without the pussy of a supportive partner.

I think it's a little vulger, and Im trying t oedge more towards respectfugl  chatt in the bed. It feels so mcuh ncier after the caht we just had where she accepts my focuso on work so far as to not focus on managin her retiurmeent assets anymore. That was really a big drag which intorduced.... a lot becuase o f how much I care about asset management, and I feel really good to be comepleyh free of all managerial thoguhts after the transition is done.

For the first time in a long time, I feel like I'm at the helm of an actual transfeer agent company, which hi'm increaisngly understaanding has a distincct capital-consciious role to play outside the nonprofit. THe quesitoons ffrom staff were really  helpful in clarifying these mateirlas and revieiwng all out stregies. And it really gave mme some space mateiralize the honeslty andd discipline lesson sfrom the trip to g&g wooten for the 4th.

Theyir beach journey waas some memories i'll never forget with fmaily. I think of the time Chrisotpehr and I were interveaninged  on a magical night at the beach, whcih felt exactly like embracing a free market for the first time in a long time. It parappleles so closelty with the edcptional eoutreach I was forgutnage enough to get across for the public goods funinding setup whiich I am excited to hel pblossom into so mcuh morre.

And fwiw , I've contiued  to really appreciate the broney music insrations which , while seperate, help me contextualize my work and process my decisions. That and some time oon the swingset are the tow things I've locally ofun to he,p take my mind off the deepest work. It's been magical in drawing me back to myself wheen there are so many excpectations looming from all sides.

I lok at my knucle and calices form the swing chains and remmebr  that  evveryhtgin comes down  to my intensirt. And i;ve been bringing that sds far in as I can lately to just be myslef. There have been some austistic outbursts here and ther elol, but i  trust the backstop  i have in my frind' respect.

It's nearly been two years sincce wee all really started connecting, in just a few more months. I know I'd be in a realy different place  withouth them. probaly  back in that  centrlaized world of constatnly chatting with just about everyone.

That social expectation was why I just  counldn''t bring  myself ot centralized asset manag,ent. ANd i'm so happy and appreciative  that I've been able to build things out to date iwthout mandated conversing. I look ahead with all the warnigns just about everyone has shared about the ustainbiltiy fo this style, and I wonder at h te vasto pporutntiy I have  to  set an excpetinoal precendent in organizational arrangement  here ad now.
