Whew, I;m thankful that mch of the 




---


Yo K has been making the most amazing Mochi pandcakes! Wow these are so good; it's been too long since I had good pandcakes. Lol t these arent really technically edicble because I saw there is al ttle sugar in the pwoeder mix bag, but honeslty I'm thankful for having tjust the tiniest smidge of flexability on this lately given food constraints.

K as pretty awesome and interesting last week because she had hit a limit with the intensity of the SEC work. Lol she was like "just make your own food", which resulted in a dozen pints of Nick's at the start. But after a cream-induced dairy-ache on Monday, it was nice to start attempting to bring some food items otgether myself. I remember I used to make sedesserts and cassaroles galore during uberman with all the itme an caloric neccesity.

But I've (thankfully in a way ) moved myself past that use of time, at lwasst to the extent htat it doesn't help at all to dissociate from working thoughts. The lack of a dishwasher for the last year mgiht have a factor to do with this, but It was a dveloping trend even back in Atlanta. Oh yeah, I Realized that I've now doxxed my whereabouts on that this is a public repo LOL.



I'm thankful for the awesome spread K made for a Dinsey date ngiht last evening. It was Mulan and hse was just the cutest pouring a  pot of tea. Lol she worked so hard and alwyas has to do all these great things together, and I really appreciate all the time she finds to pull it off.

I remember and even revisited my efforts plannign family events in prep for Chrisotpher's visit next few days. I remmebr spending hours back in Atlanta getting things set up so everyone had a great time without a thought in the world. It helps me recognize that all jobs have meaningful work behind them, no matter how minor they might seem.

limegreen adn shrroomy have been trying to explain this to me for some time, and I appreciate hteir idealistic dedication in the face of nonreactions or support. something along hte lines of everyone trying their best to help push society forward. I really think it's possible if we remove the entranched option to live entirely off the efforts of others while actively detracting from social well-being.

ALso, I've been tgetting much closer to understanding my challenges with conversations lately. I've tried limiting external (non-Kayla) chats to once a day, and generally continuingi to avoid public spaces . It's been working pretty well, and I haven't gone off the rails yet :)

One stretgegy I've appreciated is waiting until the end of the day for conversations, including written outreach to non-family audience. And family extends not to my parents or relatives becuase even those are sadly nonpersonal to the fullest extent of a partner I don't have ato hkeep a story with. Lol she was ptretty excieted to go get the rigng sixzed yesterday even htough I btiched a lil about the place.


I'm starting to see more of my pending actions as a sset management decisions, and sepcifically getting back into the mindset of properly allocating capital to _epople_ in the persuit of shared good objectives. It's kind og exciting becuase it's way wasier for me to completely flesh out the ideas behind something than get into the gritty ai-generation. I'm quite thankful GPT3 didn't exist for most of the time I was wirting TAD3. And practically none of it was actually completely thereby even on the brief tail-0end after, since we were on to interfaces by then which I still can't wrap my head around. I thnk it's a lot better becsuse I had to understand abosliutely everythign ,yself, given it is such a crucial foundaitonal piece of the whole TAD model.

Thankful to take things day by day right now. THere are so may moving pieces which have so much pending action, which is great for progress on one hand at least. Probablym my last chance this year to penetrate masculinely some of the beirocratic policiesa, so I just wnat to tkae things slow and et it right so that the DUNA wrokr has a n excpetional foundation
