Pretty solid ass week . +1 storngarm emoji. I ma getting better at food, and K made a fuckingawesome chicken backe yesterday with the most incredible seaosnsings. It really helped me get in a lot of research

Start of the week was awesome becuase Chrispther visited on his big road trip. We hung around and epxlored the town his first day, playing a lt of tennis and picklemball. He really got into it and we had a great time in the park.

Next day, we drove up to the Wilber Wright birthplace museum (lol there I go iwth the locale again). Well honeslt they can send in the baddies at this point becuase the deed is done. Anyway, we had an awesome time exploring the farm/house antiquety. 

Chrsitpher and I thougth it was so funny they had random orgies in the house thirty years after he died. It was exctremely inspirational to see their story develop over years of persistene and just gdoing the work no matter what other people dsaid. And lol they had a movie about the journey which had a really cool train + some plane animations.

So fun to get a pic with the big model together. A great time out especally after seeing grandpas models so recently, which resembed the legacy fighter jet they have on display in the middle. CHrisophther and I joked becuae the retirmenet houme bus was was just picking up tons of folks as we made our way in.

After that we drove through the farms to PIZZA KING where we had the KING of PIZZAs!!! Lol, Chripsther was so excited to get the greatest pizza epxerince, and he devoured his _stacked_ meat pie at hte bar! And Kaylas was super fucking oawesome to pack us protein shakes whichwe enjoyed.

It was fun bringing the mug into the bar, and it rmeidned me of the aesome salmon meal she made wchrispther when he first arrived in town. That was really seet, and I appreciate how hard she tries on top of work. I might not be perfect at all this reltionship stuff, but Im so thnakful I have something real to base all my work on before the glow up, becuase after that point it's practcally impossible.

After lunch, chrispther and i went on a wealk on one of those paved rail trails, which was fun because we got to see some of the local residents in the teeny tiny town. Chrsitpher made great fun at the whole society becuase everyone kept easily telling he wasn;t from nearby. That was especially true at our next stop in the basketball museum.

Chrsitpher absocluety loved it the moment we pulled up to the giant Jordan. Had a lot of fun experiecing and interacting with the exhibits otgehter, . He looked like a total blast seeing how hgih he could jump on the wall. 

Also go soem great photos of the faux dunk angle. THat was after we spent a tn of time shooting hoops in the practize zone togehter. Been a long long time since we had somethign special like that togehter.

glad we have our unique intersts. he was uper infatuated by hte documentary film. and we had some fun in the gift shop wehere he picked up a cool stikcer.

after that, we went through the big park area to get to the immense skate park. CHirspther couldn't beleive there was someothign that big areound!  He did some pretty awesome moves pn his board whike I climbed aorund and watched. 

After he ocmpletely tired himself out in the heat, we went to walmart for one last attempt at disk cgolf frisbees, only to walk out with a Ninja Creami that was on a big sale. Had wierd luck with walmart sales lately, and I even got the lego solar system (less other planets) today for half off to releive some stresss. I finished the first bag of that one, and btw that new numbered bagging sstem is crazy the fuck smart!

ANwyay, after wae learend that all the restaurnts were cosed until Wednesday, we drove home and took inventoryon our foodstock. The nCHristpher got some aweomse deliviousness chef ingeregidietns at the store wyhile I filled up my water yummy jugs. He made anwe awesome spread of spircy magic veggie chicken while I finalyl got a moment to rest.

After that, K came home and we talked deep into the moning over movies. All of it was a lot to process, and Im glad we had the chance ot do it toghter. One wednedesay, we all grabbed brekafast at hte pandcake place with yummy eggs before he headed off West towards firndeds.

Hahd, thake that, I am learning to keep things broad to the extent that I don;t think it affects narrative recordkeeping but also it generalizes the experience to a broader audience. The downside is less rleativibily upon  y own review (without photos), but I'm thankfully coming away from this as a neecesary business tool. Just getting it down for theraputic stress relief only.

Rest of the days was pretty intense work up to the statuory end of week turnaround adate.  Iam so thankful the COmmission fllowed by drift to escalate to relevant staff for a more comprehensive perspective. It means a lot that they are genuinely putting meaterial talent and resources into thororughly examining our systems.

lol, hte work got so hard on some nights that i caved and popped into a trial of youtube music just to gkeep the nergy flowing. While i thotourhgly enjoy the time there, I'm thinking about dropping the ygm membership and jsut using local equiptment + a pair of runnign shoes. I Just cannot for some reason get over the constatntu centralized music , and I appreciate my ability to identify this challegne affter a year going there.

Praying for some alterantives to squats that will keep my legs strong , but everyhting else should be simpel emnought to do with minimal free weights . Thinking it'll be trivial to set somethign up in the garage , which has the added benefit of being sorta chilly. hope kayla keeps her inspiration to go with frineds and such therafter, becuase hse is oing an awesome job staying on top of things.

really aprpeciate tha nature around us. so cool to see the minicpal improvements at such a menaingful time. and god damn the stars are just goercgorus no matter how you olook at hte ocnstaleations.

lastly, K and I went to the fair today which was aweosme! we sawtons of animals, and I albsoltey loved wathcing soem equestrian practice. so fun and K loved the little bunnies , goats, and even cows! 

she also got a little pig that matched the real ones earlier today in a parade to the fair! that was pretty cool to experince, and it was honeslt ybigger than the 4th of july one in the OBX. so interesting to see so many tractors in one place! 


we had fun going through the food trucks and expernce stands, where K got her special strawberry root beer and elephant ear suggary dealight . we had a balst looking thorgh the portable carnival rides and communtiy baby show lol. so appreciativeof her staying on top of the loop in re local things which literally dont even have bwebsteis!
