## Afternoon

I am thankful for Kayla working to make sure we can afford living and things. At G&G Wooten's house right now and they've been super fun. Grandpa telling all stories about how Grandma was so helpful making lots with real estate sales back when a colonel in DC.

Learned today what I've heard before but forgot lol. They changed the ranking system so that only 1% or so might of the controls could be rated 1, and Grandpa was the only one to get 1 by all 5 reviewing generals, and he did it for like multiple years. They tried to make him a general, but said the pay raise wasn't enough to outweigh moving from DC and the "millions" Grandma was bringing in.

Made me think about how people are motivated by money above personal mission oftentimes. It really hit me in the Uber from Norfolk airport yesterday to G&G Wooten clubhouse. Had good conversations that day without working items on mind.

The driver was in the military Navy and had been to 32 different countries. I gave them info about what I work on with the markets, fund, and politics. They were smart and went through all the questions you'd expect—cool to have smart people convinced by technical designs.

Anyway after talking business, we got into personal things. He had a family and lots of experience dating; told me to stay loyal to keep trust. Then he remarked that most people don't do what they really want to do, just something that makes money.

He asked what I'd do if money was no object, and obviously I said what I'm doing. He thought that was super crazy insane. I didn't realize so many people are trapped in this system chasing money as an end.

---

I had a good week finishing up some high-level political thinking and the documentation. It started with the public goods award launching on Friday in earnest. That's when discussions really started heating up, and I was finally able to lay the first tracks over the years of setup work.

After an initial introduction, I let the conversation flow into the weekend. Johan brought up all the points that struck on engineering fronts, which was honestly sick as hell. He and Phil (Tupli) did an instantly good job back and forth, and I can't think of a better person working on the nonprofit free software for open research to champion these principles.

Throughout the weekend, I was thinking on everything really really hard. Ton of movies, insane amounts of food, and a lot of walks.

Those walks have been getting more and more insane lately as I've done a lot since my last reflection day. That means lots of music, which I've been using to explore the light vs. dark sides of passion. I find it clear that daylight generally brings passionate uplifting music while the night brings dreams into a primal stream of raw emotion cutting into action.

I finally understand the extremes of Nightmare Night and Daybreaker in a way I just didn't get before, where the balance not only completes the picture but actually comes from its original vision. That is to say that, so long as you don't cross the line, there is joy to be found in both given due consideration. Pretty nifty and really gives me the freedom to embrace all parts of who I am to output the best work products.

It's a real newfound sense of wholeness that's come from all this, and I appreciate that greatly.

Also had fun talking to the family waiting at the gate. They were also going to Corolla and generally was a fun and interesting group. Another lead peeped in who'd had interesting experiences in DC housing programs.

---

I hope I have most of my past reflection days in the old daily journals. Lol I remember one of them got soaked in the milk-jug spill of polyphasic pissing. I'm looking forward to a moment for reflection next week.

---

Anyway, after the weekend of letting things mature and fucking growing like a weed in my mind, I sat down Monday morning to really hit the clincher. Craziest part is I barely put in the genesis on Friday on a whim. I was really considering delaying it, but now I know that I made the right decision because literally no fucking way I would have the influence I wield now if I pushed it off even a few hours.

Really appreciate that the best work just finds its way to me in important moments and waits for my clinching attack. And of course being instantly prepared for all these circumstances doesn't hurt. Anyway, I got my points in with one single death blow.

It took a lot of contemplation that morning and some pretty gnarly walks. But man when I sent that boy off, I just knew it was a missile filled with fire.

I can tell it went well because nobody said a goddamn thing for hours. Then Silence came in and substantiated my points. Thanks a fucking ton for that Tim!

With those in conjunction with Phil's tweet, it was pretty clear they'd have to take it seriously. And they did to such a large extent that they completely changed the formatting of project review and delayed the voting deadline by a week.

I really wanted to get the deadline extended, but I had to make the points subtly given space and political bandwidth constraints. And I am so fucking happy and grateful I got it done! That was a major win, any way you slice it.

---

After that, I pounded through the SEC response. K was super supportive and pretty damn awesome throughout the whole thing, really feminine, and tons of pussy the moment I needed it.

## Evening

I forgot if I got into the nuance, but I figured it’d be good to ink down some of the Grandma and Grandpa stories.

### Grandma

Just told me about her parents and crazy life growing up. Her mom was married to an inventor visionary who had a farm of sorts. He got backing from his uncle and used to open a Dr. Pepper bottling company. But when WW2 hit, sugar prices went crazy. It became impossible to make candies, and the plan went bust.

They lost the home there and downsized to Fort Lauderdale, but the guy didn't come with. He went traveling around to find opportunities or something.

Years later he returned with some great new thing in Hollywood, FL. So they moved there and he became a flight instructor by means of some friends. Grandma described that as a low position vs. running a real enterprise.

Then, he went up with a guy she described as a jack-in-the-box, years after it all started.

Apparently he unstrapped himself and went out the plane as the cockpit blew open. After the crash, Grandma explains that this is why she says women are the strongest and bravest who always pulled through. Her mom called an old boyfriend from college who moved to Maine or something.

Then she explains how her mom married him for sex and they all lived there. The guy was wealthy in his later forties, and he died two days into the marriage. After things were split along with his son, there wasn’t a ton left for her mom.

Also she has 3 siblings, one brother (who doesn't like Grandma). They were all moving too throughout this. Never could have any long-term friends from school because of things.

Then her mom Something Church found another well-off suitor in Kingston, North Carolina. It was the uncle Dad always talks about, the black sheep of the family guy. He did really well even though cut off from family endowment.

So her mom married him and they lived—then **someone** came back and had a problem with the IRS and things got bad again. Mom ran out of money and was living off social security for Grandma which was about to run out as she turned 21. So she sent Grandma to New York with $100 to take school on becoming a flight attendant.

This led to meeting Grandpa in New Haven through Air Force.

### Grandpa

Grandpa told me some stories from military days again with time in the Philippines, about how he was in top secret negotiations to do land deals. How the rich general guy and friends all wanted the tropical island to make it a massive luxury resort, but Grandpa thought it was a bad idea.

He couldn't mention it in the meeting, but he brought it up to commanders in the States who asked for his thoughts on it. He elaborated that the natives lived there and cared for it, and we shouldn't just take it. Also discussed how they appreciated parks and how we later sold forest land with valuable natural products with the requirement of making it a national park. He had a policy mind which protected locals and their natural beauties.

The President's wife at the time somehow got interested in the items, even though there wasn’t a ton of real media attention in it. Grandpa recommended letting her know and they appreciated it. Later when retiring, Grandpa got to shake the President’s hand and get recognition for all service, or at least around the double colonel team time.

Also just told me about getting the home gas tank refilled while putting Grandma to bed. The house was made 20 feet past the extension point for line access, but the crew didn’t care decades prior and just filled him up. Later on he had new people coming out and they wouldn’t do it, so he had to explain and get the older guys who stayed at the company for 20 years because small local op.

Turned out it was just the fireplace control when the new people came out, because it was already 3/4 full. Grandma says he's acting like a 2-year-old with age now. 91 hard for him and she was born 60 years before me in 1941.

### Liz

Also, Liz met the president of the DNC early in her career, actually helping them gain their chairmanship. Was working in state politics later while pregnant with Austin.

The governor called and had her pull strings to get that same president to fly over by helicopter really quick (Maryland). On the drive to the airport she didn’t feel well and had backups come in, while she went to the hospital and gave birth.

Later investigated government corruption when two individuals with the same name worked for the state, which was just one person. Went into the depths of dirty neighborhoods for that money. Recently she got Grandpa’s Corvette since Dad got the Tesla and Grandma can’t really walk or get in it at all anymore.
