(AM)

I'm hving a reallty tough time and it mkes me want to take this repo private again. I am extremely thankful for the COnsiderate commissions' extensive diligence in getting the first exmaination right. It's super fucking cool nd they are so awesome to give it the attention it needs t oset p to he perooper investor protections

but man

it;s ust a lot

I think i wrote about this before, but like this isdea of being mentally connected to other living nature through the subconscious. im starting to think it's actually just kinda more in my head. but like auughghgh that's not right begcause of the signatlling station fact

ghh

 i changd y DIcord pronoun to be objectivist/him and GH is now sstallion./him. I'm really exploring the "dark side" on m perosnal compass, and that makes me want to push it all the way to colt/him. ugh, I jsut wish I had somebody in my life who actually understood this side of me

 lol, it literally feels exacctly like apple bottom/split. man fuck me. awesehsheshehshehhshdhdhfhdsfh

 ---

 Anyways, I am really thankful for the brony art. I had the chance to go over the old documenary gian, and I jsut never realized how direct it hit. Like ww, it all startin to fall into palce.

 Crayz haow it takes 24-25 years for the brain to fully develop so that oyu cna understand stuff livke this. ISeruosuky like how could i knot have realized it all beofre/  just gocool to happen now so yay

 Wocnerwhat life would be like without M<LP. I literally fgaruntee you I ouwlve dated way more women in college without the lessons from Dash. I really appreciate that becuase it gahve me the sterned dedication to devote everything to the Syndicate.

 it's wierd, this whole preview process. its the first time in four years that I haven' now n exactly what lies ahreead. I map out all these possabilities in my mind's walls, and it jsut gets to me how complex this whole policy frame really becomes

 that complexisty is hwere I live and juveieve, but man it all so jsut akes a lot. Ive iterally been shipping tweets with horendous typos


---

I don;t know where I'd be iwthout the communtiy. THey are so awesome and I appreciate them so much. I just cnat do what I want t odo within the confines of a central corporation.
