I gofrgot of i got into thenuace, but i gufurged it be good it ink dwn some of the gradnma and grandpa stories. 

### Grandma

Just told me botu her aprents and crazy ilfe growing uo. Her om was marrid to an inventor visionary wh had a farm of sorts. He got backing from his unle and used ot open a dr. pepper bottling company. but when ww2 hit, sugar prices went crazy. it becae impossible to make candies, and the plan went bust.

they lost the home there and downzsized to fort lauterdale, but the guy didn't come with. he went traveling around to find iopporuntiies or something

years later he returend with some great new thing in hollywood fl. so they mved there and he became a flight instructor by means of some friends. gradnma descibed that as a lwo position vs runnign a real enterprise

then, he went up with a guy he described as a jack in the box, years after it all started.

aparent ly he unstrapped himself and went out the plane as the cockpit blew open. after the crash, grandma explains that this is wy she says women are the strongest and bravest who ualways pulled through. her mom called an old boyfriend from college who moved to maine or something.

then she epxlains how her mom married him for sex and they all lived there. they guy was awealthy in his later forties, and he died two days into the marriage. after things were split along with his son, tehre wasnt a ton left for her mom

also she has 3 syblings, one brother (who doesnt liker grandma. they were all moving too throghout this. never could have any long term friends form school  because of things. 

then her mom Something Church found another well-off suitor in kingston north carolina. it was the uncle dad walawyas tlaks about, the black sheep of the fanmily guy. he did really well even though cut off from family endowment 

so her mom married him and they livethen **SOMEYONE** cameback and had ap orblem iht the IRS and things got bad again. Mom ran out of moeny and was livign off social security for grandma whcih was about to run out as she turend 21. S o she sent grandma to new york with $100 to take school on becomeing a flight attendentn.

This lead to meeting gradnpa in new haven through air force. 

### Gradnpa 

grnadpa told me some stories from military days again wih time in the phillapeans. abotu how he was in top secret negotioatiosn to   do land deals. how the rich general guy and friends all wanted the tropical isalnd to make it a massive luxury resort, but gradnpa thought it was a bad itdea.

he couldnt mention it in the meeting, but he brought it up to commanders in States who asked for his thoughts on it. he elabrated htat the natives lived there and cared for it, and we shouldnt just take it . also discussdd how they appreciated parks and how we later sold forst land with vlauable natural rpoducts with the requirement of making it a national park. he had a policy midn which protected locals and their natural breatuires.

the presidents wife at the time someho wgot interested in the items, even though there wasnt a to no real media attention i n it. gradnpa reccomended letting her know and they appreciated it. later when retiring, gradnpa gt to sharke the presidens hn and get recognition for all service. or at lesat aorund te double cournal team time

also jsut told me about getting the home gas tank refilled while putting gradnma to bed. the house was made 20 feet bpast the extension point for line access, but the crew didn;t care decades prior and just filled him up. later on he had new people coming out and htey woulnt do it, so he had to epxlain and get the older guys who stayed at hte ocmpany for 20 years because small local op

turned out it was just the fireplace control when the new people came out, becuase it w as already 3/4 full. grandma ssays hes acting like a 2 year old with age now. 91 hard for him and she was born 60 years beforme me in 1941

### Liz

Also, liz meet the president of the DNC early i nher career, actually helpgin them gain their chairmanship. wpas woring in state politics later while pregnant with audsting.

the governeor gcalled and had her pull strings to get that same president to fly over by helicoryer realy quick (maryland3.). pn the drive to the airport she didnt fele well ad had backups come in, whichle she went to the holspirtal and gave birth.

later invested governemt corruption when two individuals with the same name worked for the state, which was jsut one person. went into the depths of dirty neightborohoods for that mone. recently she got grandpas vcorvetter since dad got the tesla and grandma cant really walk or get in it at lall anymore
