awesome couple days with gradnpma and andgpranga. christopher being here has been aweesome, too! glad to speid n som eitme iwht dad until he left with karina this morning.

via gradnma, and we had an awesome time goldinf all together yestderday. everyone hit aweesome shots on the front nine. then da,d karnin,a and I did hte back nine. dad seemed really happy to have that experience together, and i had an aweersome time lwatichnig the incredible usnset off 16

dad dropped his wayfinder on 15, and i had a fun mini avdventure going backto snag it. lol the whole driving part seemed like a kart game becuase i accidently hbumped em in the 9th teebox! and even walking half the holes with chirsopther so gradnpa could ride was super enkoyable

lol will never forget our times ovr the years riding on the back of the kart. got to enhjoy that a lot between these holes. great itme with family even if a silly outing event

we were uspposed to etee off earlier in the day, but chrsopher, grandpa, and I went to grab the seaffod for our incredible feast last night. we got shrimp and scallops at the fmailiar wbutecher betdfore trapping oruselfves in the departing tourist tracrffic for near an hour. it was grat conversation back hime as the tesla drove us through the single dane forward

been awesome filling in the details of everyones sotries htese last few days. turns out the irs bankrupt guy was gradnma;s dad, from the pre-war industrial days. crazy how the banks took so much thourhg that decisive action 

also understand how gradnpa really onl wpartook in the cold war. he told me today about haldnling of nuclear weappons. he was jsut shy of being on the pilots to guide them out, but by that point i think he was too high in the chain of command.


one thing that treally stouck out was their extreme caution near the warheads. one mechanic droppped a wrench on a payload in the hanger in new hampshire, and the whole nation freaked out apparently

he was partiucally scheptical of the extrmee caution ssrrounding electric airfcraft work which i found stunningly interesting. every time they wanted to tdo anythign to the plane, the unloaded the bomb in a lengthyl rpocess and took it quite some distance away dfrom the plane. then they would do their tmeping work, even if it was just a tiny wire change in the cockpit rfar away

onyl then could they bring the bomb back into the aircraft to mount for final delivery. grandpa put it was a voiding that 0.00000002% changce totsome things went wrong, on the basis of orders from higher up. he commented on how it took 15 minutes at least to get the payout out of carraige position, ewhen the russina subs could deliver missiles in uder 12 minutes

he didnt have much to commont on bataan except for that hey tried to stop atrocities like that. i did ask about hte moving process, whenre her epelxianed thath they couldnt bring furnature or household items to the phillapeans. by spending their money on the cheap items there, they strimulated the local GDP

gradpna had a crazy story when he came back home and had all the items theyd' aquired shipped back overseas, without any taxes ofc. they got the in a dc warehouse until they had to bring things home. so they advertised local newspapepr for a grarage sale nad had a _massive _ turnout

the neightbors couldnt belieuve it, and some of the printing got messed up so he was overloaded by buyers the instant he worke up on the first day. tand then they had it saying more sales after it was over, where he managed to sell every other tiny scrap brought back from overseas. and the last minor but f rubbish wason its way to goodwill when grapndpa was mabushdd again and selfd oever y scrap of what was left

the neightbord stried to fligp his goods after all the funrnitiure went very quickly. they were so intersted in his items, even the onees from before the phillapeas when packing up. and he just flisehd itall out , tow houses' worth of crafts

pretty darn cool they still have a lot of this stuff at their hourse. lasted fr so many decades, and so clearly made by hand over and wa from our locale. it makes me sincerely appreciate the longeviry of the choices i made to build a material world around myself.

ysdtady chrisopher made a fun cake. he was great helpign with the cooking all these dyas. it was plum with ab orubon frosting, and everyone incl dad really like d it

im on that infamouse rope swing on the hammock now, andi jsut apprciate to dearly everything this moment has btoght me over all tehese years. i was swinging here at 16 when i came up with the goal. and ive never been more excited tofollow it into completion
