Man what a material last almost week! Firsly off, the Wednesday discussions in the DS community were super hot. I'm really glad I can get the voice in now, becuase it's literally super draining whne Im into it.

Omwtime I wonder what the cmomuntiy will be like whe I'm not there anymoe. If the meetings would sitll even happen if a lot of the times its's just Chives and me. I'm glad we get to have a feate from Nyte this week, full stpo.

In the future, hopefully more incredible individiuals like that emmerge. God that would be cool. Because frankly the best hting I can do for everyone is writing down how things work and allocating capital to superstars.

Man I'm so excited for us to have some newfouind captal tl through around now that donations are set up. I've neever run an org with other peoples' money beforte, so this will be my first chance allocating communtiy funds to collective labor. I'd be lying if I didn't sya that gets me rpetty stoked.

All the TAR setup work finished on Thursday adfter Atkins was sworn in. The clock is ticking, and I cna't wait to get the agenda in front of him. I'f I'm lucky, we'll see some headlines this week or next discussing his work with DOGE.

Friday was a stellar reflection day up until I ran out of dfood. Then i got to snack and watch movies lol! In all seriouslnyess, I  was a fun night where I stayed up way too late watching Senku in the bed with K, which was nice in its own way.

Then on Saturday we got to explore the local bridge antiquesties before getting a special sushi diner. Aterwards, we went to the local bownling alley overy there. 

K was so happy to get her special roll, and she even took an extra for the ride home! Less thrilled about bowling at first, but she did really well and had a great time! So cool to see her smile afte a strike or two. And she made me just hte best togo tea whichc we brought, miexed with almosnd milk- yum!

Today we got to sit in the bed together all day while I read abnd wrote. niceleaxing together and playing games. She was open bout how it'd be nice for me to have moeny thigns, which I appreciated, and hopefully this will help with that.

Try ing everything and going as hard as aI can. But I just thankfully will not sacrifice what I know is right to get this done quicker. Sharpening the axe...


## Tommorow TODO

1. Finish Astela application
2. Call airport and figure out A.P.
3. TAR
4. 6days scheduling
