Good week of work! I feel a whole lot better now that I am writing and trading more. It's certainly a different kind of trading, with my attention, social capital, and sparse donations.

I hope the donations grow with time, and it'll be interesting I think to see how that all progresses. The experience with Cats in particular has been quite interesting for me, seeing what they do on their own even though I super want to pay and help them. Cannot wait to see the impact some funding support has with them.

Week started out strong, and we learned that it would be a full fun one since NY was too cold for A.P. — but she's getting healthier now! :) Love Aunt Patty and so happy to speak with her and Mom and Christopher and Grandma and Grandpa Lambert and Dad today for a happy Easter yayness! They are all such a fun and exciting family to be around, and I super appreciate everything we have together.

After working on TAR and catching up with the regulatory changes, the week hit pretty well. Atkins is in office and I'm really getting the background work done with Peirce. They seem to be the shot callers to focus on right now.

K has been a big inspiration for all that, helping me find the motivation to keep working hard via her memory. Started going to bed early in observance of trying to get more progress on everything using my prime intimate personal reflection and writing skills. Get to chat with Ankit even tomorrow.

That rounded me through the rest of the week getting things going. I need to finish up all the final doc sourcing prep this week with the alleged magical collateral meeting. And then we are getting it together and submitted to the community the week of Christopher's graduation.

So excited to finally get things together in a completed working product. Moving it to my monthly top priority over getting the docs handled in any regard for Stellar, because the compliance work comes before the preparatory advance work.

Yesterday we did Costco to get new tires finally. Then we got to have a super yummy juicy crab seafood boil. That was really fun, and we had the leftovers together tonight.

K was super happy about it, and it was fun to get a little dirty out together with juicy veggies and yummy crab. Plus they gave us delicious lobster! It went great with the incredible brownie-cookie dessert K made :)
