I'm realizing that I can collapse their whole house of cards by just focusing on the OCC as the single entity to fail, since it congeals into everyone else through the cross-margining agreement. It really is somewhat insane how interconnected they've intentionally made everything, with the permission and overview of the regulators. All so that there is literally zero alternative to rescuing their system after they've taken everything from the hands so near the money-printer.

I sure hope people fully understand what happened here when this is all over. It's a case study on greed that humanity can't repeat. And frankly they aren't even humanity anymore, it's just these select few who fit themselves so adamantly controlling a society grasping for its freedom.

Lol rewatching the Andor attack episode from S1 today in prep for S2 tomorrow. It's the start of real-life revolution here and now. Everything we've been working up toward these years, and man I'm like that boss girl in that I just need to press the button and call the shot to begin execution.

It'll be very quick when things start moving here soon, and I feel like it'll be like her constantly checking the preplanned stopwatch of how long they have until the fighters deploy. But nobody else will have that internal clock, because nobody else knows the depth I understand. And ofc the trading background is really necessary to time everything properly against market sentiments.

I wonder, looking back, if they'll say BT came out of "the crash." Will future historians see this as our moment of "going to market," even though it's literally the same shit I've been working on for years? Well, all I know is it'll be fun as hell.

I cannot wait to see it all burn down. To sit in the congressional testimony and watch my words wipe the smiles right off their faces. You give me a camera feed and I'll move the nation to a sustainable financial system. 💜
