I had a choice today. A decision on whether or not to comment on some crazy central banker horseshit publicly (with the community). I said no, and focused on my work for the day – which I just got done and man it was exhausting!

Really glad it's over because I can't write another lick of regulatory comment today. We have some stellar arguments, and I can't wait to get the TAR concept back on the table. So glad I have that hook sunk in with the VP of Fin Services.

I guess that right there is like an example of this, right. All these things I've done in the past to set up TAD3 for success, which are MNPI. I sort of pick when I release things, which has generally been through SEC comment footnotes. <3

I'm just trying to think of alternatives. Because I remember the days of trying to be the loudest voice in the room. Quite literally.

It just wasn't right for me in so many ways, and I appreciate the ability to dictate my own life now. A life without these stupid coerced actions deemed "necessary to succeed."

Like it fills my heart with joy and happiness to know that I don't need to grovel at the SDF's feet anymore for funding. Or the community which doesn’t get what the fuck we're doing in any way, shape, or form (per SCF). I just really appreciate getting to do my own shit.

That's why I always loved trading. It was mine. It was right there for me to take because I fucking wanted to.

Gah it was just so so fun — absolutely best thing ever. Recently I've been thinking about just how fucking awesome it would be to finally get my own trading office — aquarium and all. Still like water!

But that smooth future is so far away. It calls out to me daily, but I need to get the TA part right first and foremost. We need this now or else.
