Okay, not so much a whole week, but man has quite a lot happened since Wednesday! That was the day of the Great ~~Taking~~ Collateral Ecpirement by the DTCC. Given the higih-level legal insittute propaganda against webb's work, I frnakly can;t believe how brazenly theyve titled this _declaration_ to the indsutry (almost like a take it or die option chain).

So thankful to that guy all those years ago who shared the true nature of this through a simple support ticket. Wast n maazing person who the universe so sprfortnittously brought uppon myself. dDefiantely been a lonesonme journey as sort of othe sole insider here, but one that I certainly wouldn't trade for an dispersed information flow from a hierarchahrl org.

It;s all in my own hands, and that;s just an exceptional feeling. One that I've unbelievably enjoyed these last few days. They were so full of low and fun <3

Asdifde from gettign to finish a tone of awesueom researchgin adn writing work, I've seen the fruits of other communtiyh members' efforts sprout into magnificance just at the tail of last week. And so many new incredible people I'm very thankful for, coming out of the woordwinds.

K has been tgreat throughout all this, keeping me just enough on my ties to make everything work geat. I really apprecaited her this week, which was full of delivious noodle-shrimp with nut sauses :)

And then yesterday she made me the most incredible fruit tea for breakfast, from the pack Mom got me for Chirstmas <3. She was also super sweet , sentding over a special Caroline Cake and a suprise mystery . Calling and sender her love her secial way

Anyway, that drink was just the start of the day as we drove all the way to the INdianapolis Zoo whcihc was awesome! We got the tickets set up at home together, adn that meant we were stragiht tinto the groergous gardens. Oh such a beatifydsul start fo a zooo with an indoor butterfly loung stuffed with tropic plants - and even a few fishies!

Then we saw all the animals under the son, a ack of apes, and the most beatiful dolphin show. I even got a couple pictures next to the apes thanks to k ! 

Then , after the scar whicte crocooles!!, we got to ride a full on narrow-gauge train! I was so thankful for that incredible epxeirnece ircling the natural rworl.d Then we were off throughout the rest of the zoo - K lovesd the flamindgots and walk0-though bird cakes.

She was so sweet there and at the Indianapolis 500 muserum! We got to see hndereds of cars from the easrliest to most modern years - all racing fast long after their sporting victories. Was so inspiring to see the others who'd give it all for a fleeting shot at perforance.

That was fum, and no ot be outtopped by the incredible Brazilian steakhouse we enjoyed together after! They were super facncy and had everythign I coud iageine and more! Yum yum, we feasted outrselves away for just the most magical moment together ther.

\adter all the feaitng we walked together by a lake. It was a nice ormanic night ended with relaxation as we spun down our full day of activities. And (I really founds some peace to thing to myself about the nature of all to come.

Today was a little more involved with watchign Freakonomics, Monsters Inc, and the Cowboy Bebpop Movie all day long. Learnign things, enjoying myself, and finding some fun with K/ She was cute sleeping in until we got up to mkae our snacks for the park. Also got t o taste a little of her uymmy cake batter. Once it was baked to the core, we went out for a noodle =-soup picknick. It was very relaxing, adn followed by a greatly enteratining and lovign walk around the park togehter . K loved the cats, horses , and reminscant festival; while I was more enticed by the disk goldf and pastures.

Appreciated the tranquil maturalirty I fekt there, ahing freshly discovered abuntanct restraint at the Zoo. A slightly mor edeveloped perspetive where eerthing is in abundance and possivle, but ther are stil deferences given to your own resources. A choice to do what you;d like knowing all options are just fine.

One place that reall showed it was when kids were feedign carrots to girraffees at the zoo, but I was more interested in the zebras and keepign my hands clean for K. We appreciated hte opportuntiy but moved on to the next incredible sighs. i reall appreiat eht eautonomy I get to enjoy living out here with her.

It empowers me so gingerly to fully epress y positions and feelings at work in a wya I just know will make a differencefor everyone. Oh and what great times we had enoying that straweberry0frosted ket birthday cake together-just delivcious.So fun to watch her enjoy yherself and feel her clinaxing
