Wow, I can't believe a whole week has gone by! It's been a lot of really exceptional developments in parallel with the community and some government work. Most pressingly for me, this week has shown me two times the power I'm consolidating internally as my mind fully develops and I completely step into the role of a "servant-leader" (as much as I feel yucky writing that lol).

Firstly, everything revolved around traveling back home until Tuesday. That was a nice trip full of Audibles as I nearly round-out my "learning" catalog (at least what I can access via Unlimited). I'm excited to soon get directly into purchases, which should help narrow focus down and establish only the best uses across my mind.

I really appreciate all the work I did early on in life figuring out the publishing scene, understanding the enjoyment of professional writing, and pursuing my own path to fill unmet needs in the marketplace. While the fiscal remuneration hasn't been centrally convincing, I really feel like that itself has been so telling as to the systems of what surrounds me today. And thus I have been gifted this incredibly unique perspective which I imply cannot wait to introduce to the world throughout my career.

Truly, the week ended in two days of immense internal growth. Not to skip Wednes and Thurs. I will come back, but basically Thurs and Fri I was doing my taxes (wohoo...) and Wednes was community stuff catching the groove of things. Plus more work on 723 after chores and a nice chat with Ankit.

So what happened after finishing my Federal return was an instinct back to the RD playlist. And man that just got things going in me. That and the League music was so inspirational here and throughout the years. Just super appreciate it.

I've been very in touch with the universe as a surrounding force since using my Galaxy Discover card to pay for parking, which was fiscally irresponsible under the intentional guise of drawing out natural surrounding forces. I don't know what it was precisely, but it certainly came out in spades on that trip with Dad, culminating in him getting me that antenna-broadcaster-shirt. Then we had these progressions of natural work-product that just so seamlessly revealed to me the most prudent application of my specializations in changing the currency.

I have a lot of faith and believe so truly in the SDF's ability to prudently distribute the lumens equitably, and I know that even a fraction of achieving that mission will vastly outcompete the incumbent. RD says go for gold so truly, and it's just rung so extremely in my heart reviewing the first crypto conference at SEC.

Really love K, and so glad we got these investing things worked out. It's been such a process getting here, and I feel better and better about our work every day. Plus we got to have an awesome movie-pizza Mario party tonight!
