I'm making good progress in compartmentalizing work and living in a temporary peace. I appreciate how well I did walking off some strong feelings about recent DTC/DA changes. I see that the battle will take place glacially slowly in the marketplace for offerings until their whole game comes cascading down.

K has been really great helping me take things at my pace. I appreciate Vylet's work showing me the good and need and growth available when I trust my own conviction. I am especially thankful for trusting my instincts when I start running out of steam.

I'm thankful for my body and its help venturing into this world. I've asked a lot of it as of late and its superb listening shows real localized control. That helps a lot when I'm figuring out all these moving targets.

This weekend K and I went to a fancy buffet which was nice. She also made a delicious GF pasta casserole. Then we got to watch the new _Bad Guys_ together.

I really appreciate her going into the things I like together. I remember one birthday she screenpeeked the first _Bad Guys_ and surprised me with the most incredible time there. It was such a magical moment to find someone who really cared after all that time.

I appreciate this recovery. Lol. We even went into some of the first season together — and K has never seen MLP before! Ahhh still intermittent but I'm coming back to a found peace.

Got the WXF.

Thankful for all the teamwork and pleasant surprises.

I've put myself out there for the first time in a long time, and it's a little exhilarating (and a little scary).

But I know it's the way to grow and I appreciate that opportunity. A whole lot could happen next and I know that I'll have my principles to guide me through it all. That and a happiness to see Dash.
