ohhh. wooooooh. just dtake  adeep breath out....! :_) 

oohkahy. man. i am doing well and okay and i am good and great yay!

ah man. i don't even remmebr the lat day I wrote i nhere nad i DO not Care! it has been getty really close to burnout lately because I find myself performing word k  desired by others rather than my own creative intent

 i think that's totally fine if you put yourself out for it. yay for bounties and specifically commissioned art. love the ability to just use this magic paper crap to trasnform huan ction

 but man do i get sick of it _fast_! i just appreciate the expansive view I have on cpaital frm those formative years. people are way too caught p in ti all lol

---

im thankful for my abilty to recognize hwen enough work is enough. I'm aslso (saltily lol) tabjkful for y unique ability to make things fill up to time allocated so as to achieve the best working prodc. i had some pretty crazy lpoliticking choices today, for my last BS trip down the 



anyway i am glad all that is scoming to an end. and im gocming to like this being public repo. it helps me to become the kind of person I want to be

Kayla came home from work for dunner dtoday to chat atound. i had finished for hte deay and was emlling out on the couach. that was really fun and cool

im thankful for the sound of her voice which always brings me down fro whatever high work gets me into. its been so super helpful taleltly whwen i've needed to ration my energy for lackof dense food. i gess I shouldnt be focusing on that here or elsewhere going forward because that is the way

yesterdyaduisahfui dshfuids lol
toda i nade that bannana ice crema from the sorboet setting! i nisexed in sme frozen strawberrues and i was really fun and good . k had bites with me and like yeah it was pretty awesome little treat together

i odn't know how but im so thankful that fereezing stuff somehow makes it taste way better. it's been a hugehelp in filling myslef with sfats that tare eaey to take odwn. oh and lol i still need to order exogonous ketones

i promise i will, i just ne

djisfids
fjdiosfj

ddjif





anwyay, 





these last frew onth's i've bfelt pretty far awya form home, but i came to realize in tlaks with K this week that i probbaly just need to spreak my trust a little bit bmore. i've spen so much time fitting myself in everyon else's box it's just a little rediciupouls. i'm thankful for my lack of institutional backing that gives me the freedom to voice every agenda item i like

sriously i would be living in a frnatic hell if i had to keep at all this with the crazy oversight I felt from potential cpaital back in 22. i think htheres like one podcast ive talked about it and frnkaly i try to blur it out of my memory. it just feels so good to voice my feelings vis-a-vi thoughts in the most direct way appropriate for forum and singular audience!
