I've come to accept a lot of things, and I see a clear path forward. No matter what we do next, I need to finish the SEC response and SDEX page. If they want to do anything later then this will be the crucial setup.

I envision everything clearing itself out by end-of-year. I think my Q4 distraction project will be the relationship work. I finished the first post's skeleton and happy output.

I thought about this alternative working closure for the year, because it's been so so so repetitive in my life. It started an eternity ago with mining hardware, and it's repeated like clockwork up to the community DEX interactions. I'm thankful for a seemingly insatiable curiosity to keep pushing the boundaries.

On one hand I appreciate having the knowledge to view and see what other paths could've looked like before all this. What a life I've been gifted with so thankfully. There's always been this one constant ever since my connection with markets way way back.

O... I'm going to figure these next things out, and I know it'll give me the clarity I need to execute the kill shot. Whether they trigger it or not, everything needs to be in place. I really appreciate the bandwidth to figure this out from my own flowering lens rather than a strict overseen mandate.

I'm thankful for a perspective comparing myself today to only the past. I can see quite a distance I've grown, and it really helps to frame it through my own viewpoint. The mounting externalities are just gone for the first time in years, and I love the freedom of blazing this trail with the people I know will best steward investor protections.

---

I appreciate that I can find clarity as to best uses of my time and personal bandwidth. I had the opportunity to go really hard last week in the Community Fund call and it left me on regen for at least 18 hours. I've thankfully come to realize after the complete silence from the world that I don't have to speak to succeed, and I appreciate that.

I want to keep things in black and white because it lets me stay at the helm of my own narrative. It's a balance of skill because of the adding perspectives of other members in the community calls. But I really do want more focused written expression.

I had the pleasure of finishing the WhatCan forward last week. I shot it on Monday just as there was a ton of community excitement about the submission window. Really happy to see such ingeniousness flourishing.

Working dearly to figure out proper incentives and rewards for everyone. I know we can get this done together with very efficient allocations. I think at how much profit the established players rake in per team member, and I know we can make those numbers work a whole lot more efficiently, even if we do have to use fiat.

I really appreciate that the crypto rails exist. We need them so so dearly. I hope our benevault access vision saves us all from the tight grip the Rothschilds will never release.

---

Kayla was really helpful in setting up the dentist. I appreciate that she is willing and able to help with some household secretarial work. In another life it would've made sense to deeply intertwine centralized channels.

I'm using it now as an inspiration for establishing team well-being, especially as we're largely apart. There's something to the Discord dopamine that I know we can bring together while staying forward. It's already working really really well, and I just wonder how we might intertwine it with a collective organization offering the contracting services.

That's one of the beauties I really appreciate about capitalism: the magic of contracts. And the dependability of private property.

---

Got to spend some time prepping materials for the exit panel, it helped clear up my thinking on next steps with the Commission. I really appreciated the lack of politicking they embodied by completely ignoring/defering the exchange points brought up.

I didn't realize how good they are at following the letter of the law. I will make my last public appearance this week to get the community up to speed. Then, I will appreciate some silent space to bring the next central policy agenda forward in line with their recommendations.

---

Also got to make the NQG starting post on Tuesday. It was a pretty dense piece of politicking. I appreciate the years of experience I've had to practice penetrating the bureaucracies.

So much thought into that second half. I'm not sure how much of it was filling the time allotted vs deep thinking. But I do remember just how meaningful some of those writing decisions were in clarifying my perspective on retroactive consideration.

I feel like I'm right here at the starting line, but my tank is empty. If I could just get the gas to start this economic machine, I know I'd be the fastest racer by a landslide. It's a new perspective I'm exploring in the relations side where masculinity crafts visionary scope with deference to feminine action.

I know I've seen this so clearly through the years of freelancer help. But it was always much more controlling, directive, and dominant. This is my first chance to really give things a whirl at scale based on togetherness.

Weekend was fun.

We had Saturday together for stake-out and video games.

Also played some double solitaire.

Got to clean out my water jugs while enjoying pone tunes.

Also got to chat with Aunt Patty, who's doing well.
