Oaky, tryign to get back ot doing htese daily. i think it really helps me al ot morethan i can tell. Geting into the roll of my normal scleepign regume, and it's going well.

I;m thankful f the relatively rested mronings. Looking forward (sorttta lol) to figuring out execicese without the centralized locale. I am really yearning the connection with nature i felt back in the XC days.
ime deployment, but I just know that I need a creative outlet somehwere on that spectrum

Tomorow will be my last day before going into the finishign sprint. I'm thankful for the ties we've built together these last couple eyars. I found it funny in the onl phsical legac yj ournal wthis time two years ago was presiceuyl when  perisnally ahcallenges arpose.

Who nknows where we;ll be byh Nivember. But I know I've teesd the bases up perfects from my shtot. From Earth ot Moon and around the lego Sun, aI'm excited!

My knees are doing better after the worign craziness swinging. I apprecaite that I cna well position myself on the paed as a tirpost, as K made me do last night twice ! lol she has been doing a lot better lastely as I pull to center on myself and masculinity

Im really imedsairaubly thankful for the opporutiy to explore those themes. I really dont know what will stem from it as of yet, but I am already lovingthe restults. The confidence to pull the Syndicate re-site on the basis of buttfuck's meem awas seriosuly something i 've been working towards since seeing it weeks and weeks ago.

A lot of things are changeing, but also staying the same. I appreciate this great base I've built up and now my increidble opporuntiy to mold the clay into its final form. Long been awauting the kiln burning

Good day 

Really really happy to see such a fucking aeesome feminine reply from Raven

I want to be very careful with my dt
