I'm doing a pretty good job getting more items expressed through working and personal agenda items. It's been about since starting the weekork weekm and I honestly made more personal rpgress than towards the Response.

I just need to get the narrative right in my head before I start commiting things to the screen. Ideas to paper requires clarity, or else the output just looks like mumbo-jumbo. I suppose it's why these ranmble on sometimes, since it's mroe an output

I;m having a good time working things out orally 

I giuess i;m getting more used to the idea of k, and its; meant tackl

things arent

I'm just glad that the dynamic lets me focus primairly onwork. But I am finding the line between oto much committment and passion, which ahs been going on for osme time. 

aI got the relaitonship site a little more personalized today with the Flawless branding from communit art

I;m really liking the communtiy art, and that;s one of the coolest things I'm glad to take awy from this whole reiew process. It really brought me down to my core andshowed me a lot on the personal side I didn;t now was latent and hiding. So perhas it;ll be fun fignuring out the nuance there until EoY before transitioning that into a public project in about 8 months

Anyway, all that should mean less needs here, especiall becuase I barely use it as a manifesting or prositivity tool anyway. I want to get back into doing that, and hell I think the public forum here owuld be gpretty great for it.

It works so well, ut I still need to finidsh brought-forth efforts from mi-last year. It's crazy how much those scopes expanded, and I am glad it's all really come full-circle. We only have so much time until Wall St catcheso n, which I why I largely decided agains the central intel gathering at Mare Fair next month

I really want to reward myself with a full cartel of outing on that oute with K alongside next year. Hiopefully we can get an extra 5kl in descretionary, while we are skating by now thankfully. She's workign hard and actually learned a lot oabout how hard her job is in disucssion on Friday ngiht late.

Also got to o on a fun date ot the ohio river park on yesdaterday. I skated while we laghed at how hot the benches got. I;m glad we can still do our own things together.

Afterher we went to this funny shushi place that was a trip and a half, as expectedfrom crazyiness! I brought her to get unicon ice cream first and she loved it with the sprinkcles becasue she won a footrace. Then we both got a bunch of ssushi rools, which was really fredshing ebcause I've had so little filling food this week (ew rice, but alsoo.... yum)

On the way out we got this awesome sake bommb expereince at hte table, and K chugged and caught it all in a wide open mouth! Also there was like a cool free appetizer fbuffet thing with _so many_ tastey roolls (mnimial b.c fired) and yummy sesame balls (rice flour, right>?). That was a good time

Then we saw A Midsummer Night;s Dream in the nearby turf park!. It was ab eatuful night and I;m thankful for the performance. It reminded be of a 25ipund contirbution to the Raven art fund after figuring out the compeleitie of paypal international fees

I appreciat ethe opountity I have to help shape the arts without the subserviant ormantic connections I thought about beofre. It's been so many hours GPTing wiht myself to get that viewpoint. And I appreciate just how mcuh it heelps with the TAD stack alignment around DUNA participation
