I did a good job today :) I accomplished a lot. Not everything, but a lot! :)

There was a lot of really awesome community chatter. I am so happy to be in so many Discords because the different cultures between groups are extremely interesting. I absolutely love that we have small communities to work together, because big bureaucracies suck!

I also like that I can appreciate and choose to do enough. Like at the end of the day, I was irking over when I met Pierce staff three years ago, unable to find a public src URL. But then I remembered how much awesome stuff I did today and decided to just move on and check out ponies for 20 mins instead.

That was relaxing. It was and is always fun to look at everyone’s memes. And the pony ones are just so cute uwuwuwuwuwuwuwuw.

So refreshing to see all the feminine energy over there, with occasional spurts of alternates. The ponies alone ugh just do so much talking. And the real ponies are just as incredible lol.

I'm getting a better grip on my days now that I've minimized all human contact. I think there's still a good bit of progress to go with some more compatible earplugs. And I know new red glasses would help given how long mine've been missing.

Things should start turning up next month, so I'll move donation budget from artists to essentials for a hot sec. That should set me up until EoY :) The logistics are in place for some combined travels next year with K to get more relaxing self-directed time at cons, and my work schedule will just have to deal with it!
