getting  used to renewed circandian scycles with adjusted bedtime. i think thi'll be a lot more sustainable with new blood-sugar levels on perfecting  dfitet. im finding at least half an hour minimum to  do dishes everyday

i think if I get a tabletop washer I can reclaim fsome of that time and do some good protein cooks with reasonable carbs. I want to get back into stuff like quineo but not quineou because it cant hacntle the leptins. and I ran potatoes (+sweet) early this weekendweek to no benefit

ium glad i fiured out this diet stuff early on. adn I appreciate that I get this wierd west-end of the eastern time zone tom ake beurcratic scheduling easie. it's sp freshing towork wiht actualy real-life poeple who want to get things right

i reluctantly roped  myself into a a call friday after getting  a lopt  of the EDGAR ()NExt0 setup done todayu for TA-1 and LYLR. I am really not sure hwere theyt will go, but I want to support them in all endeavors. I'm feeling the barred edge of Rand's self0interest argumetn as I appraoch five years on centering efforts on finacnial inclusion

 also got a new sdisckord skin through BetterDiscord on the reccomendation of seeing it in mlp side. I want/need to step away from that for now and find some healthier ways to deal with stress without screen. I went on a Board ride and I've been on two this last week now, which is the most in at least 9 months

 dealign with it al;l as straightofrwadly as I can since these artificial limits of working on other's agendas r just dense. luckily, we finally have everything set into place. I would never hasve usspectied  it would end up so psectacutlar  when all this started backk in early APril

 and fwiw thanks to Stellar team for being patient o n my PR LOL. they  gave me some love in DMs - very mininal and expected beurorctic style. i sorta appreciate the communtiy there but also I really prefer the pople i get to workk with over their AMM farmming ..... etc etc other chain interplatiopns and presuptions

 I realyl l iked the early  days when the SDF site was a fricking awesomme space map. Andd the disction was so much bolder. IT was so very clearing saving the world through this important  tool we cann the financial system, and now it's all watered down to ltike this we dont' want to be singe;chain maxi crap

 nah, fuck em./ we r fonna do this and I Will make it punch hard in five years. I don't  care how much it  costs me to use  myt voice and bring it all to age.

 fr the beat and the brokenm
