Okay, so we areback form the Chicago music festival! I know I was a little scepital about this public thing at first, but I'm finding it useful in connecting disparente thrughts between dirfferent work-[rpdits. I was just able to reference this repo in a pending public decsision for my personal prepo, and that was pretty cool.

I've been getting a lot more in touh with my feelings lately, especially i nre the whole dark exploration thing. That has been directly an excperiotnal influence into how my head works. I'm really really thankful for all that Autmn's done just being their oawesome self to help guide me into this journey )(and i think now we're coming out the other end of the runnel).

A core part of this emmerged in the drive there with K when we discussed this whole changed sleep schedule I did to form around her second shift and the DUNA meetings. It has really takien a lot ofout of me, and we aere both forutnate enough to recoinize that these last few months. We resp;ved to o back to serenity in an effort to redice stress (best way I can think to put it positiviel as self scccess) and decrease necesary food intake since I woun;t push myself so far 

The night just takes a lot of energy because ou are fundamentally shaping dark matter, and t edges you rigjt ip agaonst the barrier of dath itself. it's a surreal and ancestral experience where I feel my thgouths shaping rality quite directly. I was so exceptionally thankful tail of last week and closing into now that these efforts in one part or another brought our scope of review up to prudence.

I've also thankfully come to understand much through the natural parks and botanical gardens I epxlored both downtown (far south) and up north. All were near museums or bottanicals (in the later case of the zoo visit), which offered invaluable space to observe realirt. i really love being able ot quickly put on headphones and some pony tunes so that I can isolate productively in a coweded public sp[ace/ 

More scemantically, I loved staying on the train line and zipping into the city  each day. Really cool system which I got to partically explore (I think it's crazu how I'd uised to jsut raw dog entire maps like it was nothgin!)/ The events and thinks like U.Chicago campses were just too big a draw to walk away fom the tracks, and it was fun lol!

I appreciated the stellar education I conituned though audiobooks on the walks. It can take quite some mental effort to digest these concepts as ot as fr so so many years. I appreciate the ability each of us has to persue infromationand cement ideas terefrom into conceret thoughts. I'm jsut always coninuesally superised by the mind's incredile funciton.

Another thing I've found is that I've let down my mask for perhaps the first time with Kayla these last few months. Without the mental bandwidth ot keep up the "social=friendly" act, I've jsut gone to my bare self, which I even felt a little in the second staff meeting. I think about how well I managed assets, but I was compeltrely abhorred by the sche,a in which I was bound.

I think I've finally come ot the same conclusion with politicking relationships. I thoguht we'd have way more maintstream attention over all these years, but the crickets anddisinterest form Congress has really given me the spacelet myself down a little on the social labor. DOn't get me wrong, I still want quite surely to hve those high-profile deelopments os that we all move forward together, but it's kind of nice knowing it will be on my terms going forward which broadly means wirtten input.

To not have to apply my politicking stkills (or whatever you call social persuasoins) anymore... it's really cool. I srotrta feel the same way about the sDF, although they ahvne't given me explicit affirmation eyt like the staff. It means a lot to jsut have a good repore with someone on the basis of shared factual understanding, not backdoor favors or emotions.

----

As for some last pasrts on the Chicago trip, Kayla had an absolite blast and was really relaexed by the logistical planning I minimally contirbuted easryl on. She was so excited whn we got Giodarno's famous deepl dish pizza plsu a special Jollibee tackout! I hanyjkoed speakin with the staff there intermeittendlty, which was srot of new for me.

 Ithink much of it stems from my comfort interactin gwith others plaing a "role" in career-settings. It's releatively easy for me to predict responses, which means little social cpaital expended interanlly. I still apprciate the smiles even though they take so much space to process.

 I had another ocnversation with a relatively quiet guy waiting for K to exit the park one day. We were sitting there when aa huy walked into the curb and ate pavement right in form of six cops. They got an ems when he tried to get up, run, adn stumple. That wound up in another fall depsite teh best efforts of a htirtd person next to me. 

 Suprisingly, he alked away depite the lblood. spmetjng I've really liked hearing in the hardcore Prince songs that kept me going hwne food reseres ran low. 

 TUrns out some girl jsut randomly asked him for directions, before they chatted it up (and he was now wiating for her to leave). She came to his place beforehand and broadly it was a wiersd suprise neither of us would normally approach. I think it's a kinda cool representation of how the world just makes tings fall into place when times are right.

 I also njoyed the downtown art museum which had a sck rendering of the Chicago Stock Excangne floowr. A lot of cool old art there and at the U.Chicago museum. Also go to enjoy flipping around and off the Griffin museum, whcih was buy a beuotfical expansive lake.

 Appreciated epxerinceing the historic colun work there and at the stadium./ I wassaw it on myone ofm ymany river side walks into the night. Pretty and comfy this time of the uearm waving towards the edge
