## 'gay'

One thin kI dont' gfeel i've been able  to eadqeuately express in my work are the nuances between massculinarty and femenintiyt. it's a really  important play of the social policthcing dynamics which emmeerges quite directly  in inter-rgoanziational rleations. i have even soem tangential issues pending for  the matterii n  free-marikts, but  I don't  feel comfortable fulyl epxloring the stopics there

it's not jsut that  i'd brepfer my blog to have a focus on  web3 i nfrastructured/ it's  genuinely a completely different side of me to dive into  the emotional nuances. It's on the backburn of my efforts 80%+ pof the time, and  hwen  it  memmergest that one fifth of the time, it's just a compeltyely differet experience.

orften when in that state, I'll use my well-known alt for read-only explorattoyry purposes. but by stumbling back into the famndom these last 10 months, i started itnertwining the two. as I believe I estbalished last nght, I'm disentangling tem tyo  clear up  my  pshyche,  but again that is  the point

this is a very real and large part  of m yt  lthinking process and I feel quite  clouded qwhen I can't express this side of me. for clarity, i am happily together with  my female ffionccee. but I find  it relevant that I lost  my virginity t o a bi girl.

there's so much more I'd like to epxloree here. the interactiosn with authumn were sommething really eye-opening  becuase iJ ust havnet felt  that emotioonal connection to myself in so long. and  it's really helped me in interprettyin gdarkness as a motif od birth and the womb

Idk if it's my perosnality  or what, but I just find it challenging to relentlellsly persue one avenue without corresponsidnginly scaling other aspects of my reality. This  matters a lot to me and I've been trying to find hte b est way to express them without the utpper-strings of professional entanglements.  I  don't wnt tor need anyhting else physcially , nd I'm really happy  with how everythign's going—it's just a  different avenue of gender I find fascinating

This made its way  into a var change this morning hwen I realized last night how so many o f hte meaningful relations gettign my work through are innatelyt fememnine perosonalities. And again as discussed to lenght,  hte m arkett itself is  extremely fememnine./ I think  there's a lot more ot uncover  in applying masculinity through theis frame
I plan  to directly  apply tohe work to the DUNA framing of teamwork without domiance.  And i suppose i;ll use this as an avenue  for output for the time being. As I adjust to t he new sleeping routine,  hopefully this side's thoguths will dwinder back a little bit so that I can foguuces on getting more delegatory wrok out 
