Been an eventful past couple of weeks leaving Atlanta to travel around. First stop was Vegas for my 3rd and likely last time with the Structured Finance Assoc. — unless they decide to pay me next time. Looking for ways to keep cash coming in to cover rent. I really want to keep researching and developing my own skillset, but I know the answers aren't in books, courses, or gurus anymore. I've moved past the basics and need to start building out this groundbreaking new technology through the foregoing rules of capitalism. That means real income, real clients, and real governmental relationships. Never was a huge relationship guy. Guh, I just wish we could automate all the investor info and keep things working efficiently. No more political favors back and forth just to get things done, as I've heard from Dad and Russell.

Speaking of, went from Vegas with Dad to an exciting U2 concert in "The Sphere" — which was huge! Interesting experience going around with him for a full week. Also walked around a lot in Vegas and went through some bartender funds. Then I had an incidental flight to Dallas to look at Austin, but ventured on to the connecting leg to meet Dad in LA. Interesting to see how it was a unique and separate media hub from the technologists in Silicon Valley, again. Same homely hotel in Beverly Hills, where they're digging a subway line extension to UCLA — nice. Saw a very divided city with the poor right next to upscale retail outlets — via Dad's business meeting nearby. Also went to the zoo. Really want to go back there for all the theme parks, studio tours, and daily life events. Fun place like so much of the world.

Then I lounged at the airport until coming down to Florida to meet with Kayla and family. They're very nice as usual and it’s been a great time. Very thankful for everyone, and got family little pottery gifts from a local Destin art gallery. Interesting to look at the arts, considering I recently got my first $20/mo sponsor via Chives. Really want to segment that from the Syndicate since promoting free quality investment education is really a separate thing than providing equity accounting services. So too is consulting... need to move from services to a product asap, just as soon as there exists a platform to use. It's a hot market right now, and I'm not sure how long this can all last. But if the Fed steps in, then we could just see everything skyrocket like before. I don't know exactly how we can sustain these things like a direct transfer of wealth to incumbent homeowners, but that seems accepted by society. Geez, just trying to get this right. It's always been about getting it right.

But at the same time, I need to get things done, even if they aren't perfect. But they **need to be enough for adequate investor protections no matter what.** I must succeed. I will protect.

Yen made some baos with us today, so we'll have food for a while :)

I can't believe it's only been a year since I was in college. A year since anyone really shared this vision with me, given a total lack of enough funds to pay any reasonable living expenses, let alone salaries. At odds with equity, since it doesn't pay bills. But obviously long-term bigs. Sometimes I just wish I kept making the right investments and compounding existing funds. But I know the right best approach comes from following my long-term goal. Hill is gospel. Teetering on venture funding vs. "Company Compliance Secrets" eBook as a lead magnet — trying to stand out to the compliance-minded startups first. Small business might be a more endearing launch strategy, but I know it will play out well with policymakers. It will be most interesting to see how the *Democratization of Private Markets* plays out with more and more eligible primary investors, and virtually unlimited secondary investors in a bonafide exchange.
