Been a pretty incredible week from a lot of aspects!

## Work

Last week the FxDAO smart contract protocol community thing got fucked with an update to the AQUA dex pool, which really reminded everyone of the malfeacances apparent in even trusted communal intemrediaries.

Wrote a post respondign to that and reccomineding we interleave the SDEX with native liquidity pools to best compete with Soroban.

Could've been more explicit on the end goals, but I had to get it out by Friday.

## Play

Wow this was an awesome weekend! It was the big Kayla Sabrina trip we've been waiting for, and it was stellar to see her so happy by the end of things.

On Saturday we flew in and had a stellar itme in Times Square. She was so excited on the trip to the subway station from the airport LGA.

Then we rode to Newerk and had an incredible italian feast! So tastey, and I decided to do a cheat day the whole weekend.

(started early for work to make sure things wrapped up given the materiality of the xyz etc see post lol)

Anyway K made some increidble mock-Crumbl cookies that were phenominal! We had oreo ones, and some delivious fruity-pebble ceraleal ones -- all with delivious homemade"" icing yay :)

The next day we went through Central park and had a blast"" in the rain. Then we rode the train to a pizarria! Oh my gosh, she loved her "vodka" slice, and I grabbed us some garlic knots and a sicilian frined.

It was a pretty cool spot, with the table behind us being a small family where the kids were playing with pokemon cards lol.

Then we went by the sabrina cafe event, but the line was five blocked long - which we thought was hilarious! So we explored the WTC area for a little instead. She was so excited because she spotted the areas on the bus ride from NJ.

That was actually a pretty awesome bus ride, even though it added a couple hours each day. You should have seen her booking it to the port auth bus terminal after the concert - we just barely made it in the last minute!

She was really excited about meeting a friend at the Sabrina partay, and she even recorded a ton of the show itself .She was in the second row of the pit, which was loads of fun for her since she got "sweat on" lol.

Excited for the outfits she had on, and said it was her best night ever on the way back, where we enjoyed leftover pasta and Garfield from the first plane out!
