Been a wild week since the start of things. I'm thankful for my friends who listen and collaborate constantly with me. I'm so thankful we get to bring this important change to the market together.

Appreciate K, who's been incredible making lunches for me all week long. Some really big yummies, all done divinely. Appreciate our loving time together when she gets home and we get to cuddle. It's a very nice solace from the other items.

Thankful to a massive degree for GitHub as a channel to direct my massive stream of appeal. And thankful for the bottomless motivation and insight I get to glean from daily life. I got some more water jugs today, and I am very thankful that I'm continually moving toward a necessary abundant mindset.

Along that path, I've come to recognize the importance of having treasury funds available to reward work because of the need to continually stimulate and reinforce positive innovators. I'm trying to think of where to attain these resources to adequately reward the important people around my life. Perhaps it will come from the market for transfer agent services. Services. Services. Such a silly term for something so basically required in rudimentary capital allocation.

I'm going to surprise the SEC with a joyful delight, and I'm going to get it done my way. With the DEX. With the open development. With the community. And with my friends. We're going to really make all this work, I swear it. And I'm so thankful for the resolve to say that, the confidence to believe it, and the technical know-how to make it happen. God blessed me with an unbelievable gift of curiosity from my young days, and I'm so thankful for the skills and experience that drive has brought me toward today. So very thankful for my life. And so appreciative of my friends' lives 💜
