Just nuts. Had an awesome last few days for Valentine’s and getting the bulk of the prep done for the massive TAR writing week, especially now that all the wind-down prefacing is completed. I'm so excited to get that drafted using the writing skills I've been honing for so many years now. Type type type with my internal motivation and never-ending clock of pressure! Will be alarming an hour or so out here and there, but that's all because I want to stay in the writing zone all week long and ignore anything outside my action items.

Really fun few days with K. On Valentine’s we exchanged gifts. She got me a big basket of Pokémon and loving items so thoughtfully organized and selected together. It was so exciting to see everything she loved picking out for me. And the smile on her face was incredible when she saw her stuffed animal bouquet.

Fun socks I got to wear all weekend while playing with the Jigglypuff she found as herself. So cute and sweet as we did the silly Netflix specials and such on the couch. Then we got to go to the awesome fanciest dinner in town at Jonesey’s. She had such a fun time navigating there with me in the nighttime adventure.

Great being treated nicely and accepting the investment into my life which supports exceptional work. Got another true spare water jug from the store alongside a fun phoney plant for the office.

It looks super nice next to the completed _Invisible Hand_ with distributed bright lighting. Nice peace item in the office which gets it all going with me. So glad to have her and the incredible community.

Taking back my respect and excited to excel.

Also got to listen to lots of Audible at the gym and while cleaning up the driveway from a ton of snow. Super fun to run around in the nighttime while K watches happily from the window.

Beautiful place we get to enjoy together, and so glad to continually support each other in an upward spiral of societal productivity. God, I appreciate so much her belief in my vision and enablement of the initial (and largely ongoing, but differentially on the individual basis) nonprofit systems configuration with longstanding governance to maintain efficiency. So cool to hear people talking about things as if securities will “be on TAD3” as they mentally differentiate it from the underlying tech—completely mind-boggling given it's just what I've been encodifying into existence over the past many years.

It feels good to be dominant, to lead the pack, and to see the future before I bring everyone else toward the coming reality with our growing support.

We're going to do this. Now is the time. This is the moment. I chose to rise here and now, to shoot my intro to a Commission, begging—not on its hands and knees—for something that will save the hundreds of millions of investors presently facing tremendous risk.
