Had the rest of some chickpea pasta today, which led to a headache same as some time back. Really _should_ be working on the comment, but man I'm just exhausted.

Had a bit of a pleasant interruption today when K came into my office and practically begged me to pound her lol.

I remember her doing that all the time back at the tail end of college, and it's nice to get back to that feeling again. She's so feminine, and I love it so, so much. I really hope things are gonna work well when I run out of money in a couple months lol.

I know it will all be OK no matter what happens. I'm still so contingent on the numbers in the world around me lol. I just know things are going to be so, so much easier now that we have the community. And man it would've seriously been so different if I found them just a little bit later.

Lol, I remember so vividly that chat with Chives the morning of the discussion with VC bigshot. Man, am I incredibly thankful for all the smart people circa there and how he keeps everything so nicely together.

I feel a lot like Twilight getting her wings, and had a nice moment to recollect on such about an hour ago. Was nice to enjoy some childhood pasts and reconnect with early experiences. Damn man, I literally was back to picturing RD when with K earlier today.

That work of pastel equines has influenced me so deeply. It was there for me when everyone else left, and it showed me such a magical better way. God, I don't know who those writers are, but they need a lot more money.

Abundance, what isn't it?? I know we can have it online, and now Limegreen is talking me into having it in person. It's crazy to think about applying our work to the real world, about running entire global economies on friendship.

💜
