Been just over a week since I dropped in here, and what a great week it's been! Had an awesome chat with James last night, and I'm so thankful to find these incredible self-organizing and self-incentivized communities around building a better market. I've also had quite the incredible past birthday weekend. First we had Dad on Saturday, followed by Aunt Patty on Sunday. I gave them both quick calls, and they were just so sweet and happy to chat.

I hope Dad's having a fun time skiing in faraway land. I really wanted to plan a whole trip out to Denver to use the last couple days at some of the big Rockies resorts, and I love and cherish those memories from when I was growing up. Hopefully I'll have the leeway to enjoy a lot more of that when I grow up (i.e. make enough to support Kayla and myself). A few outstanding paid things to do, like the Stellar grant, but I've sort of humorously noticed that I just couldn't care less about the centralized client relationships that pay the corporate money.

I read someone's page the other day, a person who did the Reinventing Orgs video series. They said the business model just doesn't feel right, and I think that's how I approach a lot of public-utility banking services. These things just need to exist and function for the use of all without immense conflicting interests and legacy business models. But hey, I'm looking out one of the most gorgeous windows of my life right now, and I suppose it's time to appreciate that.

I went on a walk the other day for a couple hours, down the road and to the rail trail. But this time I ventured past the terminus, down to the river. I found a fallen tree overhanging the creek and sat there for a while, enjoying the bliss of natural serenity all around me. I heard water streaming by across the rocks while birds cawed in the distance. It was so silent and untouched, with not a single city or car noise to be heard. The farms nearby were distant thoughts, with pristine landscapes flowing endlessly into the river.

It was nice to sit and be one with nature and its desires momentarily. So much of our world orbits around these decentralized autonomous systems, and I wonder just how incredible a future might be where we can offer these special moments at nominal cost to anyone in the economy. _The economy_, what a fun way to look at all work.

## Kayla Birthday

We had an awesome trip out to Cincinnati where we first visited the food market. Then we got to ride the train downtown and walk along the major riverbend. We had a great time swinging on the park benches hung from above, poking fun at the landscapes and coming ship, so long and comparative to the rudder state we passed shortly after.

Walked around much more to a plethora of bakeries, adding to our treats from the food bar earlier. K was so happy to have a chocolate-strawberry cream puff tart from a French bakery. Then we walked through uptown where she found a fun macaron shop that was apparently the best in the whole world of all birthday treats she's had!

Next, we walked through a fun park downtown by the theatre until our French reservation at a very special place. It was on the corner of the park, and a joy to uncover. K had the most exquisite ravioli and beef tartare with escargot I've ever seen, and she was such a happy baby. :)

## All Friends

I've really come to peace with myself lately in my growing role as a change advocate bringing everything forward. It feels so nice and natural to live in this dynamic market assigning values by project worth. And man, I just feel so at home in both my daily life and going into work.

All I want is to put in some more hours, which is partly why I've been slacking over on the thankfulness. But there's just been so much abundance flowing my way that I had to come appreciate it. For instance, Mom got her annual bonus and was so ecstatic that she couldn't deposit it via the mobile bank app. She gave me a call and sent a hundred bucks to use for a special Valentine's outing. So sweet and thoughtful.

And then how could I forget all the incredible last few days of work along _The Great Taking_ with some awesome action in the state courts. Truly just incredible.

We're going to make this work, and I am so, so very thankful for that.

Love universe, love people. Started donating to free.law and TrueNorth, just awesome feelings to really give back in the best ways I can with work and funding. I admire the beauty of our societal organizations as gems of the past, and know these are the perfect foundations to build our new distributed worlds.

And man, I am just absolutely loving the look of The Invisible Hand LEGO set. Cannot wait to get it lit up when we send it!! 📬
